Creopop’s unusual photo-polymer 3D drawing pen is many months from commercial release — but in the relatively brief time I spent using the prototypes, I was smitten The rather large pen weighs 113 grams or just under 4 oz. It stands out among existing 3D drawing (some mistakenly call them “printing”) tools. This uses neither heat nor plastics to create 3D objects that can stand on their own Instead, the Creopop pen (from Creopop the company) employs a chemical reaction to harden its "ink," which is actually a gel-like polymer. Despite the complex chemical reaction happening right before your eyes, the process is simple. Inside the pen is a syringe filled with photopolymer gel. A motor inside the pen forces the gel out of a nozzle, plunger style Read more...More about 3d Printing, Tech, Gadgets, and 3d Drawing



WASHINGTON, D.C. — The flashing lights illuminate the T-Rex skull like a lightning storm. Its curved teeth, tiny stalactites hanging inside the hollowed-out cave of its mouth, cast a menacing shadow on the grey wall behind it. We're inside the T-Rex Room at the Smithsonian Museum of Natural History in Washington, D.C., where a team of 3D-scanning experts are digitizing parts of a Tyrannosaurus skeleton See also: 15 Twitter Accounts Every Space Lover Should Follow When they're finished scanning the remnants, bone by bone, they'll upload the graphics online. From there, anyone with a 3D printer and stable Internet connection can download and print her own replica, modeled to scale after the dead theropod on the table in front of us. Read more...More about Videos, Features, Science, 3d Printing, and Museums

Give someone a 3D printer, and she'll make something cool; teach someone to use a 3D printer for sustainability, and she might change the world We've seen a variety of 3D-printed projects spring up over the last two years — from medical splints to houses to guns — and most fanatics will gladly argue that it's only the beginning of a revolutionary distribution movement See also: 3D Printing: Everything You Need to Know in 2 Minutes Ideally, 3D printing itself is a largely sustainable concept — but a few projects, which we've highlighted below, take it to a whole different level 1Protoprint Read more...More about Environment, Features, Sustainability, Social Good, and 3d Printing

First teased at this year's CES conference, the MakerBot Replicator Mini has finally started shipping to consumers in the U.S. and will be available in-store later this week The compact unit weighs just 18 pounds and stands a mere 15-inches high. It constitutes one of the best attempts yet at a truly mainstream 3D printing device for the home See also: 3D Printing: Everything You Need to Know in 2 Minutes "We see the MakerBot Replicator Mini as a turning point in the 3D printing industry," said MakerBot CEO Bre Pettis in a statement, "much like the transition of the computer moving into the home 30 years ago." Read more...More about Gadgets, Makerbot, 3d Printer, 3d Printing, and Tech

A 27-year-old man has been arrested in Kawasaki, Japan, on accusations of possessing several 3D-printed guns, according to local news reports Yoshitomo Imura allegedly downloaded and printed five plastic guns, two of which could fire real bullets. He was arrested last month, but the news was only revealed on Thursday. It's believed to be the first arrest made for possession of 3D-printed guns in Japan, a country with extremely strict gun laws. A law passed in 1958 forbids a person from possessing a "firearm or firearms or a sword or swords," although it lists list several exceptions. (Guns were used in only seven murders in Japan — a nation of about 130 million people — in all of 2011.) Read more...More about 3d Printing, Us World, World, Guns, and Liberator

3D printing is changing the way we produce objects, from tools and toys, to clothing, and even body parts. Recently, giant 3D printers in China were able to produce ten houses in just one day, and at a cost of less than $5,000 per house, proving just how time and cost efficient 3D printing can be. So how does 3D printing work, and why is it so efficient? See also: 3D-Printed Memes Are the Desk Toys of the Future The latest video in our Mashable Explains series looks at how additive manufacturing is making its way into homes and businesses through consumer-friendly 3D printers. We take a look at 3D printed food, bioprinting for regenerative medicine, and more. Check out the video above, and be sure to subscribe to Mashable on YouTube for more helpful explainers. Read more...More about Mashable Video, Makerbot, 3d Printing, Tech, and Gadgets

It's a house in a hurry. A Chinese company harnessed 3D-printing technology to build 10 one-story houses in a day — a cheaper, faster and safer alternative to more traditional construction. See also: One Man's Quest for the Perfect Hand: 39 Years and a 3D Printer WinSun Decoration Design Engineering built the houses in Shanghai using four giant 3D printers, which are each 10 meters (33 feet) wide and 6.6 meters (22 feet) high, according to Chinese news agency Xinhua. They produce a mix of cement and construction waste to construct the walls layer by layer, a process much like how a baker might ice a cake. Read more...More about China, House, Construction, 3d Printer, and 3d Printing

At the intersection of nano technology and 3D printing lies IBM's Microscopic 3D Printer, which now holds the distinction of printing the smallest magazine cover in the world. IBM and National Geographic Kids unveiled the cover, which is small enough to fit on a single grain of salt 2,000 times, at the USA Science and Engineering Festival in Washington, D.C., where The Guinness Book of World Records officially proclaimed it as the world's smallest magazine cover. See also: One Man's Quest for the Perfect Hand: 39 Years and a 3D Printer The gray-scale duplication of NatGeo Kids' cover is actually invisible to the naked eye. Dr. Colin Rawlings, a physicist at IBM Research, said that even with a microscope, you'd only be able to make our a blurry image. To see it in full, you need an electron microscope. Read more...More about Research, Ibm, 3d Printing, Tech, and Dev Design

Jose Delgado, Jr., likes the reaction he’s getting to his new 3D-printed hand. “Wow,” his bosses at the warehouse say. "Where did you get that?” It’s the most realistic prosthesis he’s ever owned, though it took Delgado, 53, five decades to get here. When he was a teenager, Delgado was often picked last for softball or baseball, even though he and his brothers regularly played catch. “They didn’t think I could hold a ball or a bat,” said Delgado, who was born without a left hand. At the time, Delgado had a hook prosthesis that worked via rubber bands. When he unbent his arm, the bands pulled open the hook. Delgado spent most of his adult life using hook prosthetics, until three years ago when he got his first myoelectric replacement. Read more...More about Health, Features, Tech, Medicine, and 3d Printer

If you want to get students excited about new technologies like 3D printing, you have to let them follow their passion — even if that passion is ketchup. Tyler Richards and Jonathan Thompson, two high school seniors from Liberty, Mo., have a shared love for the popular condiment and creativity. The teens are part of the Project Lead the Way program (a national STEM learning initiative) and decided to focus their attention on a particularly frustrating problem: minimizing the watery mess that results from the first squirt of ketchup. According to local news station Fox4 in Kansas City, their teacher initially nixed the project idea, but Richards and Thompson collected enough research, data and patent information to convince him. Soon, they were inventing a 3D solution to ketchup's messy problem. Read more...More about 3d Printing, Tech, Gadgets, Videos, and Food

Walk through this year's New York international Auto Show, and it's clear that the current crop of cars are rapidly catching up with the concept vehicles of the future But one audacious 3D-printed car on display at the event, a Ford Gran Torino, looks like it just arrived from the underworld or an alien planet — and we doubt automakers will ever catch up to this kind of design See also: The 12 Most Expensive Cars at the New York Auto Show Crafted by Ioan Florea, this "liquid metal" version of the 1971 Ford Gran Torino looks like it was touched Ghost Rider or peeled from the walls of an H.R. Gigerspacecraft Read more...More about Design, Cars, Auto, 3d Printing, and Tech

[Update: The pen is now officially on Kickstarter] Humans are accustomed to drawing in the air. We gesture with our hands when talking and will try to illustrate charade secrets by "drawing" objects in space. 3D-printing pens takes those gestures, makes them tangible and, in the hands of an artists, beautiful. Recent 3D-printing pens have been cool, but clunky affairs. LIX Pen, however, is something different. It's light, small and apparently needs no more power than you can draw from your run-of-the-mill laptop. Now it's coming to Kickstarter. Believe it or not, someone at LIX drew this figure with a 3D-printing pen. Image: LIX Read more...More about 3d Printing, Tech, Gadgets, and Lix

Is there a market for a small, cheap, consumer 3D printer? That question was answered Monday when Micro, a $299 3D printer, hit its Kickstarter funding goal of $50,000 in mere 11 minutes and continued to raise $1.46 million less than two full days after the campaign started Its creator, a Bethesda, Md. company called M3D, calls the Micro the "most affordable 3D printer that can be used right out of the box." See also: A 3D Printer Could Be Your Future Tattoo Artist The Micro is a cube-shaped device, 7.3-inch wide and weighing roughly 2.2 lbs. It works with Windows, Mac and Linux, has a USB-compatible connection, and supports a number of different materials, including ABS, PLA and Nylon. Read more...More about 3d Printer, 3d Printing, Tech, Gadgets, and The Micro

Ink junkies, take note— a machine could create your future tattoos. Three French design students modified a MakerBot 3D printer to administer tattoos. One lucky volunteer is now the proud bearer of the world's first 3D-printed tattoo — a perfect circle on his forearm. See also: Artist Turns Your Brainwaves Into 3D-Printed Sculptures Pierre Emm, Piotr Widelka and Johan Da Silveira modified the printer as part of a challenge from France's Cultural Ministry and hosted through design school ENSCI Les Ateliers. For the challenge, the students had eight hours to create a project that remixes images, videos and sounds found in the public domain Read more...More about Design, 3d Printers, Dev And Design, 3d Printing, and Tech

Designer Francis Bitonti's Brooklyn studio is an airy space filled with dress forms and lacquered desks piled with books. At first, it looks every bit the traditional atelier. But then you notice a cluster of MakerBots, each glowing purple and constantly printing, fed by spools of filament. Intricate 3D-printed models cover the tables: bowls that look like branches, sculptures like ice crystals, tiny, gemlike cubes. This is the future of fashion, according to Bitonti. 3D printers are giving way to a new aesthetic in haute couture: algorithmic garments and accessories that proudly display their origins in tech Read more...More about Fashion, Art, Features, Business, and Tech

I'm sitting in artist Ion Popian's light-filled Long Island City, N.Y., studio, with a NeuroSky electroencephalogram (EEG) sensor pressing against my temple and forehead. I watch a TV screen, where abstract shapes ripple and mutate in crisp 4K resolution. Behind me, a computer measures my brain activity, mapping it as a 3D model. This model initially looks like a piece of paper, a flat plane. When my brainwaves register concentration in response to the film, a dimple appears in the plane; when they register calm, the surface pushes upward into a peak. "We can't map specific emotions: anger or sadness or happiness," Popian explains. "Instead, we're mapping intensities." Read more...More about Art, Features, Design, Science, and Architecture

As 3D-printed objects and smart home technology become even hotter product categories, it makes sense that Philips is rolling out an app-controlled 3D-printed lamp. Philips announced a collection of new products on Friday — from a new app-controlled light bulb to a kinectic-energy-powered light switch — but we're most entranced by its 3D-printed lamp line. See also: 10 Creative Solutions for a More Productive Workspace The lamp comes in two styles that work with the company's Hue line, the Entity (pictured above) and the Tempest (pictured below, in pendant form). Users can create lighting effects using more than 16 million color variations on the lamp and control the settings via an accompanying app. Lighting can also be programmed based on the time of day and personal preferences. Read more...More about Apps, Philips, 3d Printing, Tech, and Gadgets

Doctors at a United Kingdom hospital have broken surgical boundaries by reconstructing the face of a motorcycle-crash survivor using 3D-printing technology. Stephen Power, 29, suffered severe injuries while returning home with friends in Wales nearly two years ago. He broke both of his cheekbones, eye sockets and his upper jaw, in addition to fracturing his skull. Power also broke both of his arms, and banged his right leg up so badly that it needed a bone graft. See also: 3D-Printed Human Organs Prep Doctors for Real Surgeries Power's life was saved thanks to emergency surgery, but doctors feared doing further damage to the sight in his left eye, which had mostly recovered. This meant that they were not able to put his left cheekbone back in the right place, and did not attempt to reconstruct the bones around the eye's socket. Read more...More about Eye, Face, Accident, 3d Printing, and Tech

During the week, we consume words in snackable, tweetable bites. But on the weekends, we have the time to take a dive into the murkier, lengthier depths of the Internet and expand our attention spans beyond 140 characters. We can brew a cup of coffee and lie back with our iPads, laptops, smartphones and Kindles. Since you're bound to miss a few things during the daily grind, we present to you, in our weekly installation of Mashable Must Reads, a curated list of can't-miss stories from around the web to read and reflect on. (You can find last week's must reads here). Read more... Where Is the Plane? 17 Possible Scenarios | Mashable More about 3d Printing, Tv, Dev Design, Us World, and Us

Imagine what it would be like to hold the power of Doge in your hands or stare into the eyes of your own personal Grumpy Cat. Enter 3D printers CGTrader is holding a challenge for 3D-printing aficionados: Design a meme that can be 3D-printed for the chance to win prizes like a TAZ 3 LulzBot 3D Printer. Each of the two categories — the best meme's 3D printable portfolio and the best meme's 3D printable model — has one winner and two runners-up. The winners will be determined by number of shares and Likes on social media. You can find the official rules and prizes here. See also: The Answer to Affordable Housing Could Lie Within a 3D Printer Read more...More about Contest, 3d Printing, Social Media, and Gadgets

The Pan-American Highway stretches from Alaska all the way down to Argentina More than 30,000 miles of roads, save for a brief break for the rainforest in southern Panama, flow along the western side of the Americas in a vast, twisting scribble through mountains, desert, jungle and plains It's only natural that a secret pops up along its path every once and a while. Image: Wikimedia CommonsIn 2010, construction workers in Chile uncovered a vast collection of whale fossils near the side of the highway. Locals quickly named the 300-yard field of bones Cerro Ballena ("Whale Hill" in Spanish). Exciting as the discovery was, road planners needed to build over the site to meet their deadline. Read more...More about Features, Animals, Tech, Science, and 3d Printers

If you thought 3D printing technology was all fun and games, think again. Working together, medical researchers and engineers around the world have developed a flexible, 3D elastic membrane that could help predict cardiac disorders. The international team of biomedical engineers and materials scientists printed tiny sensors onto a membrane that could provide physicians with more detailed information about the health of a heart. The new 3D-printed membrane can predict heart complications before patients exhibit physical symptoms and deliver treatment if needed; the sensors can measure temperature, strain and pH levels, among other information Read more...More about Engineering, Science, 3d Printers, Implants, and 3d Printing

Before MakerBot, no one could have conceived of Napster for fashion. A Burberry trench couldn't be replicated digitally, which meant the garment industry was more or less safe from the revolution that upended music production and book publishing. But with 3D printing, Fifth Avenue is headed for its own disruptive moment See also: 3D Printing Is a Matter of Life and Death 3D printers can manufacture spare parts for spacecraft, produce food and housing, even replicate human organs. Simultaneously, the materials used in 3D printers are improving by leaps and bounds, incorporating metals and plastics, wood and nylon. New York-based Shapeways has begun selling 3D-printed objects, including jewelry, while Continuum has created a 3D-printed bikini with plastic pieces that snap together. And a San Francisco-based entrepreneur is currently experimenting with a printer that can create garments out of polymer fabrics — the future of 3D-printed textiles. Read more...More about Fashion, Features, Business, Tech, and Clothing

Honda has released 3D printing files for several of its past concept cars, letting you print models of said cars at home The files, available over at honda-3d.com and published under the Creative Commons 4.0 license, currently let you print out five concepts: the Fuya-Jo, FSR Concept, Kiwami, Puyo, and the NSX Concept. See also: 3D Printed Food: It's What's for Dinner While plastic models are still very, very far away from real cars, the project makes us wonder when we'll be able to actually 3D print a fully operable vehicle at home 3D printing has advanced extremely fast in the past year or two. This week, Stratasys unveiled a $330,000 printer which can produce multi-color, multi-material objects, and in early January, MakerBot announced a huge 3D printer which lets you print up to 10 items at once Read more...More about Honda and 3d Printing

Welcome to this morning's edition of "First To Know," a series in which we keep you in the know on what's happening in the digital world. Today, we're looking at three particularly interesting stories. As 3D printing continues to expand, one company is replacing the plastic used by 3D printers with a stronger material. In his State of the Union address, President Barack Obama spoke of social reform, climate change, education and technology. And Apple is no longer referring to its Apple TV as a "hobby"; the Cupertino, Calif.-based company has upgraded the device’s position from a listing under the iPod section to a full-fledged product line Read more...More about Barack Obama, Apple Tv, State Of The Union, 3d Printers, and First To Know Series

While Star Trek replicators still don't exist, we just moved a little closer to the dream, thanks to a new kind of 3D printer. 3D-printing manufacturer Stratasys just debuted the Objet500 Connex3, the world’s first 3D printer that can produce multi-color, multi-material objects at the same time This means the one-dimensional design aesthetic seen in many 3D-printed prototypes can now give way to a wide range of dynamic and — more importantly — consumer-ready prototypes in terms of look and feel See also: 7 Things You Didn't Know About 3D Printing "As the first true multi-purpose 3D printer, we believe the Objet500 Connex3 color multi-material 3D printer is in a league of its own, enabling you to dream up a product in the morning, and hold it in your hands by the afternoon, with the exact intended color, material properties and surface finish," Stratasys vice-president of product marketing and sales operations Igal Zeitun, said in a statement Read more...More about Tech, 3d Printer, 3d Printing, Dev Design, and Gadgets

Forget waiting weeks or months for your new home to be ready. Researchers from the University of Southern California created a 3D printer that can build a 2,500 square-foot house in 24 hours. Since 2008, Professor Behrokh Khoshnevis has led a research team in the creation and development of a new layered fabrication technology using 3D printing called Contour Crafting. Instead of using thermoplastics, a common material used in 3D printing, the robot applies layer after layer of concrete to construct straight and curved walls, as well as domes. See also: 3D-Printed 'Bionic' Ear Can Hear Beyond Human Ability Read more...More about Construction, 3d Printers, Architecture, 3d Printing, and Dev Design