The price of an airplane ticket is only the beginning of what it costs to fly in 2014. Baggage, booking and seat-selection fees were some of the most aggravating expenses for global travelers this year, according to Expedia. And that's understandable — fees can quickly add up to $100 or more, per person, after paying for checked luggage and more legroom. See also: 13 Ridiculous Travel Accessories No One Will Ever Need The number of fees is also increasing, as carriers add extra charges for things that used to be included, such as carry-ons. The following chart, which features up-to-date information from online travel resource Smarter Travel, breaks down costs for the different services travelers need: Read more...More about Travel, Airlines, Us, Lifestyle, and Travel Leisure

United Airlines has announced that it will reward miles based on dollars spent, moving away from the traditional system based of rewarding frequent fliers based on how many miles they fly. The carrier is following in the steps of U.S. airlines including Delta, JetBlue and Southwest. American Airlines is now the only major U.S. carrier to offer "award miles" based on actual miles. See also: Teen Arrested After Tweeting Terror Threat to American Airlines "If they were authors, United would be hit with plagiarism," said Brian Kelly, better known as The Points Guy. American Airlines introduced the first major frequent flier program in 1981. More than thirty years later, an estimated 90 million people participate in frequent flier programs in the United States. Together, they have about 2 trillion unused miles, according to the AP. Read more...More about Travel, Airlines, Reward Programs, United, and Lifestyle

A major airline association is calling on governments and the industry to adopt better measures for dealing with unruly passengers. Crews reported more than 8,000 incidences of bad passenger behavior last year, according to the International Air Transport Association, which represents about 240 airlines. The association passed a resolution that called on governments and the industry to work together on new guidelines to solve the problem. See also: Glass Cracks Below Tourists in Chicago Skydeck Considering the number of flights flown internationally each year, 8,000 incidents may not sound too dramatic. But consider this: In 2007, IATA received only 500 reports of bad behavior. Reported incidents include non-compliance with crew, consumption of illegal substances, sexual harassment, and physical and verbal confrontations. Read more...More about Travel, Airlines, Airplanes, Lifestyle, and Travel Leisure

The Department of Transportation is continuing its crackdown on false advertising, fining Southwest Airlines $200,000 for violating the full-fare advertising rule. In October of last year, Southwest ran television promotions in Atlanta that advertised $59 fares to New York, Los Angeles and Chicago. The DOT's Aviation Enforcement Office investigated the matter and found that the airline did not actually have seats for that price between Atlanta and the listed cities for the advertised travel days. See also: How I Flew Around the World in Business Class for $1,340 This was the second time the airline had been fined by the DOT in the past year. The government had previously suspended the civil penalty against Southwest in August 2013, but said on Thursday that Southwest would have to immediately pay an additional $100,000 — half the fine issued in August — for violating the same regulation again within a single year. Read more...More about Travel, Airlines, Southwest, Us, and Department Of Transportation

After all is said and done, the price of a flight — including the fare, baggage fees, seat upgrades, snacks, onboard entertainment and more — can be substantially more than the originally advertised fare. The Department of Transportation (DOT) would like to change that. U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx proposed new rules Wednesday that would attempt to clarify the price of a flight for customers. “The proposal we’re offering today will strengthen the consumer protections we have previously enacted and raise the bar for airlines and ticket agents when it comes to treating travelers fairly,” said Foxx. Read more...More about Travel, Airlines, Us, Department Of Transportation, and Lifestyle

While low-cost carriers try to squeeze new seats into every last inch of cabin space, luxury airlines are taking first class to new heights Quickly-growing Mideast carrier Etihad Airways is the first airline to offer a multi-room suite for its most privileged guests. "The Residence by Etihad" was unveiled on Sunday. See also: Top 10 Airlines With Highest Social Media Engagement This Week Peter Baumgartner, Etihad's chief commercial officer, told the AP a suite will likely cost about three or four times as much as a regular first-class seat. That would be about $21,000 for a one-way ticket from Abu Dhabi to London. Read more...More about Travel, Airlines, United Arab Emirates, World, and Lifestyle

For those familiar with the frustrations of spotty in-flight Wi-Fi, AT&T will be bringing its high-speed 4G LTE connectivity to commercial planes starting in late 2015. As a part of an effort to make wireless connectivity more reliable while flying, the company announced on Monday plans to expand its Wi-Fi network within the airline industry. Existing in-flight Wi-Fi service providers such as Gogo have long developed a reputation for being inconsistent, and AT&T says it wants to help. SEE ALSO: 10 Places You're Not Allowed to See on Google Maps To do so, the company is building out its own air-to-ground network in the U.S. based on 4G LTE standards. Read more...More about Mobile, Wi Fi, Att, Airlines, and Tech

If you had a flight canceled in February, you were not alone. U.Sairlines canceled 23,719 flights (5.5%) that month. That was enough to make it the worst February for domestic air travel since the Department of Transportation started tracking cancelations in 1995. See also: Report: Virgin America and JetBlue Are the Best Airlines in the U.S. Delays were also on the rise. Only 70.7% of U.S. flights in February arrived on time, according to the Department of Transportation. Even so, airlines snatched one small victory from the jaws of defeat: no planes were stuck on the tarmac for more than three hours. Despite thousands of delays and cancellations, carriers managed to keep to the new federal guidelines for tarmac delays. Read more...More about Travel, Weather, Airlines, Us World, and Us

Virgin America once again ranks first in airline quality in the United States, according to a national study. This is the second year the airline has placed at No. 1 in the Airline Quality Rating report The Airline Quality Rating, a joint study from Wichita State University in Wichita, Kan., and Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University in Prescott, Ariz., found that overall airline performance in 2013 was the highest since the annual ranking began in 1991. See also: Virgin America Just Launched the Sassiest Safety Video You've Ever Seen JetBlue came in second this year, followed by Hawaiian Airlines and Delta. Delta's strong performance is a surprise, as the large carrier has been able to maintain a high ranking against smaller carriers. Read more...More about Travel, Airlines, Virgin America, Us, and Lifestyle

Lufthansa airlines canceled 900 regional and domestic flights today as the cockpit crew began a three-day strike over contract negotiations. In total, 3,800 flights will be cancelled between Wednesday and Friday, according to the airline. Only about 500 short- and long-haul flights will continue as scheduled. See also: Malaysia Airlines Flight Officially Longest Disappearance in Modern Aviation The strike was announced by the pilot’s union Vereinigung Cockpit last week. The union represents 5,400 Lufthansa pilots, and is striking to put pressure on the airline. They will go back to work on Saturday. Read more...More about Travel, Airlines, Strike, Lufthansa, and World

This story was updated on March 8 at 11:32 a.m. ET. Malaysia Airlines lost contact with a commercial aircraft bound from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, China, the airline reported Saturday morning Flight MH370, a Boeing 777-200ER that was carrying 227 passengers and 12 crew members, was scheduled to land at 6:30 a.m., but lost contact with air traffic control at 2:40 a.m. on March 8. Its whereabouts are unknown. Authorities later spotted an oil slick they suspected may be evidence, however, that the plane crashed into the Gulf of Thailand. See also: 36 Hours Later: What We Know About Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Read more...More about Airlines, Planes, Airplanes, Us World, and World

On the list of awkward and embarrassing occurrences, somewhere slightly above calling someone the wrong name and dialing the wrong number, you'll find landing an airplane full of people at the wrong airport. This was the case Sunday evening when a Southwest Airlines flight bound for Branson Airport in southwest Missouri accidentally landed at a much smaller airport seven miles away. It also happened less than two months ago when a massive Boeing 747 Dreamlifter landed at a small Wichita, Kan., airport instead of an Air Force base about 10 miles away As it turns out, this isn't a new phenomenon Read more...More about Travel, Airlines, Faa, Aviation, and Airplanes

As a winter storm battered the East Coast Thursday night into Friday morning, thousands of travelers were left stranded as flights were canceled. While customer service representatives in airports and on phones rebooked customers, those affected might also get help via Twitter. Airports in the Northeast closed down for several hours Friday morning. At the time of writing, both New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport, as had Boston's Logan International Airport, according to a Facebook post. If your flight has been canceled, check with your individual airline for information. See also: 10 Ways Snow Days Change in Adulthood Read more...More about Travel, Twitter, Weather, Airlines, and Flight

The FCC may have just voted in favor of allowing cellphone calls during flights, but Delta wants you to know you will never have to suffer through someone else's calls on one of its flights. "Our customer research and direct feedback tell us that our frequent flyers believe voice calls in the cabin would be a disruption to the travel experience," Delta CEO Richard Anderson said in a press release on Wednesday See also: Score the Best Flight Deals on These 10 Sites Anderson cited a 2012 customer survey in which a clear majority of Delta fliers said phone calls would "detract from, not enhance" their in-flight experience. He added that Delta's cabin staff was solidly against passengers yakking on their phones, too Read more...More about Airlines, Fcc, Delta, Mobile, and Us World

The Federal Communications Commission on Thursday voted to end a ban on in-flight calls, but Congress and the U.S. Department of Transportation are considering proposals that could make that irrelevant. FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler said at the hearing Thursday that airlines would still largely be allowed to make up their own policies regarding how passengers use cellphones during flight. See also: WestJet Christmas Surprise Will Make You Believe in Santa "Where there is new onboard technology that eliminates that potential for interference, there is no need for an interference rule," Wheeler said. "We are the expert technical agency, and new technology removes the technical justification of this rule." Read more...More about Travel, Holidays, Airlines, Christmas, and New Years

Airports are perhaps the least jolly of locales during the holiday season, generally filled with disgruntled people facing delays, lost luggage and other mishaps. But, thanks to WestJet, one gaggle of weary travelers was treated to a Christmas miracle that turned an airport into Santa's workshop. The Canadian airline, with the help of a virtual and tech-savvy Santa Claus, learned what passengers at the Toronto and Hamilton International Airports — who were waiting to board flights to Calgary — had on their Christmas wishlists this year. Once everyone boarded their planes, the WestJet team also took off — on shopping sprees, that is. Read more...More about Viral Videos, Ads, Airlines, Airport, and Christmas

The Federal Aviation Administration announced late last month that it would allow airlines passengers to use personal electronic devices, such as tablets and smartphones, during all flight phases, including takeoff and landing. Phone calls are still prohibited, and the devices will have to be in "airplane mode," but customers can use Wi-Fi if the plane already has it set up. Different airlines are complying with the new rules at their own pace: Some were ready to go by Nov. 1, while others do not yet have a timetable for the switch See also: JetBlue Shows First Moments of FAA-Approved Gadget Use on Flights Read more...More about Airlines, Flight, Electronics, Faa, and Gadgets

After the Federal Aviation Administration announced Thursday that it would begin easing restrictions on passengers' use of electronic devices during flights, JetBlue captured the new policy in a video See also: Score the Best Flight Deals on These 10 Sites Deploying a team of two videographers, the airline created the video, below, which shows its first moments of in-flight gadget use “The video was created so we could give a behind-the-scenes look,” Jenny Dervin, a JetBlue spokesperson, told Mashable. “We just wanted to show how we were able to implement the policy immediately.” Featuring real passengers flying from New York City to Buffalo, N.Y., the video shows them holding their electronic devices, newly freed from previous in-flight usage restrictions Read more...More about Airlines, Faa, Jetblue, Delta, and Tech

For any airline passenger who has been annoyed during takeoff and landing when told to power down electronics, here's some great news: The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) may only require you to put some gadgets such as e-readers and laptops in "airplane mode" during takeoffs and landings — maybe as soon as next year. According to The New York Times, the FAA has been looking into the use of electronics on planes, and might ease up on the strict rules to shut them down during certain times. However, don't get too excited. This wouldn't apply to cellphones, the report said. SEE ALSO: 7 Tech Essentials for Any Kind of Travel Read more...More about Mobile, Travel, Airlines, Tech, and Gadgets

Always on the lookout for ways to enhance efficiency and reduce costs, airlines now have a new toy: a robot bartender The Skytender Trolley is not going to be a shiny and convivial robot clanking down the aisle and asking you, "What'll you have?" But it's only a step away from that Mounted onto the same kind of trolley flight attendants use today, the Skytender works like a soft drink dispenser at a fast-food joint. It can mix up 15 different drinks, and the system lets airlines choose more than 100 different beverages or flavors to offer passengers, including hot and cold drinks — even wine. Read more...More about Video, Airlines, Robots, Tech, and Dev Design

The best time to travel each year is during January and February, as flight prices plummet after the holiday season when consumers try to cut back on spending. So for those not burnt out from holiday travel and can spare some extra change, the Internet is bursting with great flight deals. “People are spent and traveled out, and there aren’t as many destinations that are desirable for mid-winter travel since a lot of the bigger cities in the U.S. are experiencing colder weather, such as Boston, Chicago and even Atlanta,” George Hobica, founder of AirfareWatchdog, told Mashable. “Airfares are always lowered from about now until Mid-February, when the school vacations start up – with the exception of some higher fares around Martin Luther King weekend.” Read more...More about Travel, Airlines, Business, How To, and Us

KLM Airlines is giving passengers the power to pick who they sit next to via social media. The opt-in system will display the Facebook and LinkedIn profile pages of each passenger on the flight. Check out the video above to learn more about the program Would you use such a service to find a seatmate on a flight? Read more...More about Airlines, Mashable Video, Klm, and Social Media

The Social Media Infographics Series is supported by Vocus' Social Media Strategy Tool, a free, six-step online tool that lets you build a custom social media framework tailored to your organization’s goals. Thousands of flights each and every day transport millions of passengers all over the world. As we all know, traveling can make one irritable, and delays or lost baggage prompt many consumers to complain. Before social media, these complaints might dissipate in the ether or be left on hold for 30 minutes. Fortunately, the airline industry has taken note of the social web as a customer service tool, fielding complaints, inquiries and yes, even compliments, on Twitter and Facebook. Never has the airline industry been so responsive, helpful, compassionate and human. Read more...More about Social Media, Features, Airlines, Infographics, and Mashable Infographics

United Airlines announced Tuesday that it is replacing its pilots' flight decks with iPads. Rather than carry around 38 pounds of operating manuals, charts and logbooks, the 11,000 pilots at United and Continental will use a pre-loaded iPad. United started distributing iPads to pilots earlier this month and plans to have devices to all pilots by the end of the year. United joins a growing list of airlines that have started converting some or all of their pilots to using electronic flight bags. Alaska Airlines announced in May its intentions to switch from paper to the iPad. Last week, Delta and British Airways started testing the use of iPad and other consumer tablets as replacements for traditional paper flight bags. Read more...More about News, Channels, Airlines, United Airlines, and Ipad

British Airways has announced it is testing iPads with in-flight crew members to enhance customer service. The iPads equip cabin crew members with a bevy of information on travelers, including their location on the plane, Executive Club status, previous travel arrangements, travel companions, special meal requests and other preferences. The devices are also loaded with a library of British Airways documents, including safety manuals and schedules for crew members. Traditionally (and currently, for the most part), in-flight customer service is managed using a "long scroll of paper, listing up to 337 customers," the company's announcement says. Read more...More about News, Apple, Airlines, Business, and Ipad

Watch and listen as Airbus chief engineer Charles Champion shows off his concept for an airliner that will ply the skies in 2051 His utopian vision of the future has airlines doing away with their tiresome class system, instead separating passengers according to whether they'd like to relax or be entertained. The rear section of the plane is bristling with "smart tech," with form-fitting auto-morphing seats and transparent viewscreens powered by body heat The spectacular front cabin is a "revitalizing zone" where the fuselage of the airplane seems to disappear, giving travelers a spectacular view as they bask in massage, acupuncture and sublime comfort Read more...More about Youtube, Video, Airlines, Flying, and Gadgets