In his global campaign to simultaneously raise the fortunes of Tesla as well as make the electric vehicles the norm, Elon Musk has now indicated that he may make the usage of his company's patented technology open to competitors. A strong indication of Musk's plans came during his presentation at last week's Tesla shareholder meeting at the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, Calif. See also: Tesla Model S Is Top Car of 2014, 'Consumer Reports' Says Responding to an audience suggestion of opening Tesla's Supercharger network to other automakers as a means to accelerate electric vehicle adoption around the world, Musk seemed to already have a few ideas in mind for such a move in the future. Read more...More about Patents, Automobiles, Elon Musk, Tesla, and Electric Cars

At age eight, Mike King promised his father that he would buy him a '57 Chevrolet Bel-Air. On his dad's 57th birthday, Mike fulfilled that promise in an amazing way. The Bel Air was his father's dream car. This was the car that his dad, Robert, would talk about "all the time," his son explained on a Reddit thread sharing his story See also: 15 Exceptional Dads Who Deserve Parenting Awards Mike worked hard to keep his promise to his father, working long overtime hours at his factory job to come up with the cash. He purchased the car two years earlier, saving it to fulfill the promise of presenting it on Robert's 57th birthday. Read more...More about Reddit, Video, Pics, Car, and Father S Day

Your Lego minifigures have a slick new ride Lego shrunk the Mini Cooper Mk VII into an even tinier model that's fit for a whole minifigure family. The brick version of the auto industry's cutest little car reflects the original's character with a British racing green exterior, white roof, racing stripes and white wing mirrors See also: 15 Cool Lego Minifigure Facts to Build Into Your Brain Image: The LEGO GroupThe tiny car also features neat hidden details, like a brick replica of the car's engine under the hood, a spare tire compartment and a picnic basket and blanket set In recent years, members of the Lego fan community have called for a brick version of the Mini Cooper, even submitting homemade set concepts on Lego's Ideas website. This isn't Lego's first forray into classic car territory — the toy company released a brick Volkswagen T1 Camper Van in 2011. Read more...More about Pics, Cars, Lego, and Watercooler

Just a few days after Google unveiled its self-driving car prototype, Intel is getting in on the automated vehicle industry, too. The company is introducing what it calls an "in-vehicle solutions platform," which could eventually support self-driving vehicles like the Google car. Intel's new hardware and software technology aims to help "the car evolve to better inform, assist and eventually assume control," according to a press release. See also: 8 Big Questions About Google's Self-Driving Car The infotainment system — which comes with processors, an operating system and developer kits — would make it easier for automakers and suppliers to bring updates to its platform much faster (in only 12 months) and at 50% of the cost. Read more...More about Google, Cars, Intel, Self Driving Car, and Google Car

RANCHO PALOS VERDES, Calif. — Google has been building self-driving cars for years, but what we've seen so far has always been retrofits of existing cars — until now. The search giant unveiled on Tuesday a fully autonomous self-driving car, built from the ground up by Google and its partners. Company co-founder Sergey Brin revealed his plans at Recode's Code Conference in southern California. He told Recode editors Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher (who has ridden in the car), that there's a safety benefit in a custom-built self-driving car. Because the car doesn't have a steering wheel, accelerator or brakes, it has more sensors in strategic spots than is possible in a regular vehicle. It is also equipped with a big "stop" button. In addition to all this tech, Google's autonomous car includes internal power steering and power brakes. Read more...More about Google, Cars, Google Self Driving Car, Tech, and Gadgets

Forget CraigslistYouTube is where you should really sell your old Volvo. The Swedish art director known only as Castor produced an extremely thorough car ad. He describes all the best features of the decades-old car in startling detail, using words you've probably never heard in reference to a car before. The cinematography is Hollywood-level, almost making you forget that the car is red with rust spots and had five owners before Castor. See also: 10 Notes You Never Want to Find on Your Car The car ad is pretty convincing, but sorry, Castor — for an asking price of $1,142, we're still not buying. Read more...More about Video, Cars, Ad, Viral Video, and Watercooler

Finland-based Nokia has announced plans to increase its focus on in-car technology by launching a $100 million Connected Car fund The fund, which will be managed by Nokia Growth Partners (NGP), will increase the company's connected car investments in the United States, India, China and Europe See also: Hands On With Apple's CarPlay Integration With Volvo "We believe that vehicles are becoming a new platform for mobile technology adoption akin to our experience in the phone industry," said NGP managing partner Paul Asel in a statement. The fund also appears to be designed to enhance developer activity around Nokia's in-car system HERE (formerly Nokia Maps), a dashboard mapping and location system used by the likes of Toyota, BMW and others Read more...More about Software, Cars, Nokia, Mapping, and Connected Car

Following on the heels of General Motors early this year, Ford has named a new CEO, current Chief Operating Officer Mark Fields. Fields, 53, will succeed Alan Mulally, 68, who has held the position since 2006. Mulally was reportedly on the short list of candidates to become Microsoft's CEO. (Microsoft ultimately went with Satya Nadella, EVP of Microsoft's Cloud and Enterprise group.) See also: Why Are There So Many Auto Recalls These Days? Mulally steered the company through the tumultuous economic climate following the 2008 crash, a calamity that prompted rival General Motors to declare bankruptcy and receive a federal government bailout. GM, which has faced consumer rancor for massive product recalls early this year, named a new CEO in December, Mary Barra Read more...More about Cars, Ford, Gm, Business, and Alan Mulally

Passengers who catch rides with UberX may not be in the safest of hands, according to a recent investigation conducted by NBC Chicago. The news outlet found that UberX drivers with criminal pasts may have slipped through the series of background checks that the company says it runs on driver applicants. According to its website, all Uber drivers are put through county, multi-state and federal background checks. That includes anyone who wants to drive for UberX, the cheapest service offered by the taxi-hailing app, in which drivers use their own vehicles instead of cabs or sleek black cars to pick up passengers. Read more...More about Cars, Background Checks, Uber, Apps Software, and Us World

Although the Tesla has won its fair share of fans in both the automotive and tech communities, there still remains a bit of skepticism around its ability to truly replace gas cars Some of that skepticism is focused on the car's reliability in cold weather conditions, a topic controversially covered by the New York Times last year in a review that pegged performance issues with the Model S, in part, to cold weather NYTimes article about Tesla range in cold is fake. Vehicle logs tell true story that he didn't actually charge to max & took a long detour. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) February 11, 2013 Read more... More about Cars, Auto, Automobiles, Tesla, and Electric Cars

John Calabrese, General Motors' global head of engineering, is leaving the company as it reorganizes in the wake of recalls related to an ignition defect that has been linked to 13 deaths. Calabrese, 55, is retiring after 33 years at the company, according to GM. The move comes as GM divides its engineering operations into two units — Global Product Integrity and Global Components and Subsystems. As part of the reorganization, GM will double its team of safety investigators to 55 and will require its legal department to regularly meet with the engineering team to review legal complaints involving GM vehicles. Read more...More about Cars, Gm, Business, and Recalls

Luminescent powder in paint has given a glow to 500 meters of Dutch highway, resulting in a trial section of glow-in-the-dark road. Designer Daan Roosegaarde, who won best future concept for the idea at the Dutch Design Awards in 2012, is collaborating with Heijmans, a Dutch civil engineering firm, to create such interactive highways. Almost two years later, the project is coming to fruition with some adjustments, according Slate. "The government is shutting down streetlights at night to save money," Roosegaarde said in an interview with the BBC. " This road is about safety and envisaging a more self-sustainable and more interactive world." Read more...More about Cars, Netherlands, Tech, Dev Design, and Social Good

The New York International Auto Show will open to the public on Friday, giving car fans direct access to the best of the current crop of automobiles — as well as a look into their future But there are so many brands and technologies on display in the massive Jacob Javits Center in Manhattan, it's easy to miss some of the best products and experiences on offer. So to help you cut through the clutter, we've rounded up some of the must-see cars and experiences in one place See also: 5 Free Android Apps for Tethering Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Read more...More about Software, Cars, Toyota, Prius, and Muppets

Walk through this year's New York international Auto Show, and it's clear that the current crop of cars are rapidly catching up with the concept vehicles of the future But one audacious 3D-printed car on display at the event, a Ford Gran Torino, looks like it just arrived from the underworld or an alien planet — and we doubt automakers will ever catch up to this kind of design See also: The 12 Most Expensive Cars at the New York Auto Show Crafted by Ioan Florea, this "liquid metal" version of the 1971 Ford Gran Torino looks like it was touched Ghost Rider or peeled from the walls of an H.R. Gigerspacecraft Read more...More about Design, Cars, Auto, 3d Printing, and Tech

From futuristic designs to energy-saving technologies, the New York International Auto Show is something of a who's who of automotive geniuses. The show opens to the public on Friday, but Mashable got a sneak preview of some of the most dazzling concept cars of the year — in terms of their capabilities and in terms of price See also: All the Cars Recalled So Far This Year It's obvious some of these cars are not quite aimed at the average consumers — after all, price tags start at $800,000 for base models. But take some time to daydream a little and swoon over some of the most expensive cars we could find at this year's show Read more...More about Cars, Tech, Gadgets, Mobile, and New York Auto Show

If you put a car on the Observatory of the Empire State Building, people are going to come to see it. So it’s no surprise that when Ford finally unveiled its 2015 Mustang convertible 86 stories up, there were hundreds of people packed cheek-by-jowl around it. It was, to put it simply, a mob scene. I’d already written about how Ford did it, for the second time in 50 years, but Wednesday night was my first chance to see the proof; to ride up 86 floors (through three elevators) and stand beside the car that had been chopped up into six pieces, carted up those same elevators and rebuilt on the Empire State Building’s iconic observation deck Read more...More about Automobile, Cars, Mustang, Ford, and Empire State Building

The reach of CarPlay, Apple's in-car app system, will extend even further than before, thanks to a new arrangement with Pioneer Soon, when Pioneer users plug their iPhones into their vehicles, CarPlay will automatically launch and offer access to its full suite of apps See also: Watch Apple CarPlay in Action “By providing an aftermarket option, Pioneer’s 2014 in-dash multimedia systems give many iPhone owners the ability to add CarPlay to their current vehicles,” Ted Cardenas, vice-president of marketing for Pioneer's car-electronics division, said in a statement The CarPlay option will be made available this summer through a firmware update to Pioneer's line of five 2014 NEX in-dash multimedia receivers Read more...More about Apple, Cars, Auto, Automobiles, and Pioneer

Half a century ago, before the Internet and viral-video stunts, Ford took one of its brand new Mustang convertibles, cut it into three pieces, stuffed it into the Empire State Building's tiny elevator and sent it all the way up to the 86th floor. Then the company reassembled the car, and drove it around the the Manhattan landmark's observation deck. Now, to mark the Mustang's 50th anniversary — and because Ford apparently had so much fun the last time — the automaker is doing it again. Of course, Ford is not chopping up a priceless old Mustang. Instead, the company is using one of its freshly minted 2015 models (you can see them slicing and dicing it in the video, above). Unveiled late last year, the 2015 Ford Mustang is both a throwback, with lines and curves reminiscent of the late 1960s Mustang Mach II, and an update, as the front shows hints of the futuristic-looking Ford Fusion with its slit-like headlights. Read more...More about Automobile, Cars, Mustang, Automobiles, and Ford

Land Rover and Virgin Galactic announced a partnership on Monday that will integrate the luxury automaker's current line of vehicles with the latter's space tourism efforts. The pairing of the transport companies means that Land Rover will provide vehicular support for Virgin Galactic's test center in the Mojave Desert in California. See also: Virgin Galactic Now Accepting Bitcoins for Space Travel As part of the partnership, Land Rover vehicles will be used at Virgin Galactic's New Mexico astronaut training facility and at nearby Spaceport America, an 18,000 acre launch facility that serves Virgin Galactic, SpaceX, as well as a number of other suborbital launch missions Read more...More about Cars, Automobiles, Augmented Reality, Land Rover, and Concept Car

This year is shaping up to be a possible record-setter for auto recalls. So far this year, car companies have recalled about 13 million cars in the United States, compared to 22 million last year, according to the National Highway Traffic and Safety Administration. The previous record was 30.8 million in 2004 See also: This Summer, You No Longer Need to Be Rich to Drive a Tesla Ford: 434,000 vehicles Ford is recalling vehicles for two separate issues. The first involves some 385,750 Escape models from 2001 to 2004. The models have subframes that tend to rust when exposed to road salt, which could result in diminished steering control (about 349,000 of the affected vehicles are in the U.S.). Dealers are installing a reinforcement cross brace to remedy the problem; one crash has already been cause by the subframe issue, but no injuries or deaths have been reported. Read more...More about Cars, Toyota, Gm, Tesla, and Business

No automaker is crazy enough to build a see-through hood, but Land Rover is using augmented reality to make it look like you have one — all in the service of a better driving experience. In preparation for the New York International Auto Show next week, Land Rover has unveiled its new concept technology, Transparent Bonnet. "Bonnet" refers to the hood of the concept SUV, which is not transparent at all, but appears that way in a nifty blend of virtual reality and crafty camera placement. See also: Redesigned Chevy Corvette Stingray Is Car of the Year During the demonstration, which you can watch in the video above, Land Rover equipped one of its new SUVs with wide-angle camera situated in the car's grill. The camera view starts almost where the driver's ends, and extends from directly in front of and below the grill, all the way under the engine and between the front two wheels. But that's not the amazing part. Read more...More about Automobile, Cars, Augmented Reality, Land Rover, and Tech

Every tech boom needs its symbol of opulence, and now, thanks to a new business leasing initiative from Tesla, we can expect to see even more pricey electric cars on the road The new business leasing option was announced on Tesla's website Tuesday. See also: Tesla Drivers' In-Dash Web Browsing Habits Revealed "Leasing a Model S takes 5 mins online, no signatures [and] one tap on car center screen to accept when delivered," Tesla founder and CEO Elon Musk tweeted, following the announcement Leasing a Model S takes 5 mins online, no signatures & one tap on car center screen to accept when delivered — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) April 8, 2014 Read more... More about Cars, Elon Musk, Tesla, Electric Cars, and Business

Microsoft gave developers a close up and personal look at its plans for Windows at last week's Build conference Buried amid all the excitement around Cortana and other developments was a sneak peek at the company's in-car operating system concept See also: Microsoft Build 2014: Windows 8.1 Update, Cloud Mania and More Presented by Steve Teixeira of Microsoft's developer division, the system bears a striking resemblance to Apple's recently unveiled CarPlay system. The four-minute presentation (watch above) showed off what Teixeira described as a projection of your phone's screen onto your dashboard display Read more...More about Cars, Windows, Ford Sync, Connected Cars, and Tech

If you had to decide, which would you rather live without — your car, or your smartphone? RepairPal, which gathers information on auto repair services, polled more than 2,500 people during its second annual Car Care survey and discovered that 86% of respondents would choose their cars over smartphones. See also: 9 Things You Would Immediately Fail Without Your Smartphone Approximately 58% of folks trust sites such as Yelp when picking out auto repair shops. However, going to get repairs gives them anxiety; 25% would rather sacrifice their phones for a week instead of getting their cars repaired, while 18% would rather buy a new car altogether instead of going to the shop Read more...More about Gadgets, Smartphone, Features, Cars, and Tech

Congress on Tuesday will grill General Motors’ new CEO Mary Barra about a defective ignition switch in the company's cars that's responsible for more than a dozen deaths over the past decade. GM has so far recalled 2.6 million cars as a result of the defect. While much of Tuesday's hearing will focus on problems of the past, it has the potential to change GM's future. Here are five reasons why you should care. 1. It could have been you — in your first car. At least 13 people have died in GM vehicles that have been linked to the defect, and some say that number could reach 25 — or more. The majority of the victims killed in the crashes were young, and many of them were women, all of whom were driving small, entry-level cars like the Chevrolet Cobalt and the Saturn Ion. For some of them, these were their first cars. Read more...More about Cars, Gm, Gadgets, Us World, and Politics

All vehicles under 10,000 pounds must roll off assembly lines with rearview cameras as of May 1, 2018, according to a National Highway Traffic Safety Administration regulation issued on Monday. The ruling doesn't specifically say that vehicles will need rearview cameras but certain requirements, such as the driver's ability to see a 10-foot by 20-foot zone behind him or her, all but ensure that cameras will be the only way for manufacturers to meet the new standard. See also: Proceed With Caution: A Map of the World's Deadliest Roads The NHTSA, which regulates traffic safety laws in the United States, has for years been under pressure by consumers to make rearview cameras mandatory. The cameras can help prevent accidents caused by a driver's lack of visibility when reversing out of driveways. Read more...More about Cars, Cameras, Vehicles, Gadgets, and Us World