This article is part of DBA, a new series on Mashable that features insights from leaders in entrepreneurship, venture capital and management. Two hours into a recent board meeting, I was fried. My eyes had glazed over, and I found myself wondering: Why do some board meetings leave me energized while others suck the very life out of me? I did the math and came to the sobering conclusion that, in the past fifteen years, I've spent thousands of hours in meetings like that one. If Malcom Gladwell’s 10,000-hour rule is true, then by now I should be something of an expert on boards of directors. I’m not sure that’s the case yet, but I have learned a thing or two in my time as a venture capitalist about how to build a productive board of directors. Read more...More about Ceo, Entrepreneurship, Dba, Avalon, and Business



Target is replacing CEO Gregg Steinhafel with CFO John Mulligan, following last year's massive data breach that exposed the personal information of 70 million customers. Steinhafel is a 35-year veteran of the retail chain; he joined Target in 1979 as a merchandise trainee and worked his way up the company. Target said it will look for a new CEO while Mulligan fills the role in the interim. See also: How to Check If Hackers Stole Your Data in Massive Target Breach The resignation follows one of the largest data breaches of any consumer business. Between Nov. 27 and Dec. 15, hackers used malware to compromise the software controlling point-of-sale systems in Target stores, stealing debit and credit card information from customers. Those credit cards ended up flooding the black market. Read more...More about Ceo, Target, and Business

Pluto.TV didn’t have to search to the end of the solar system to find its CEO: Cofounder Tom Ryan has been tapped to lead the new web-video platform, Mashable has learned. Launched one month ago, the free service brings web videos into a more TV-like environment, with something like the “channel guide” that pops up from your cable remote. The multiplatform service is available on Apple’s iTunes store and Android’s Google Play, and began life with guest content curators including hip-hop artist Nas. SEE ALSO: Web-Video App Makes the Internet More Like TV Ryan, an experienced executive and investor, is the former CEO of online clothing retailer and community Threadless and still serves on its board, as well as the boards of music creation community Smule and men’s clothing service Trunk Club. Read more...More about Video, Ceo, Entertainment, Tv, and Pluto.Tv

Count OkCupid among those celebrating the resignation of Mozilla CEO Brendan Eich on Thursday The dating site protested Mozilla on Monday by discouraging users to visit its site via Firefox, in an attempt to bring awareness to Eich's 2008 political donation in support of Proposition 8. The ballot measure, which outlawed gay marriage in California, passed but was later ruled unconstitutional. OkCupid's stunt attracted media attention, and added to displeasure around the web about Eich's political views and the company's decision to promote him to CEO in late March See also: 12 Moments From England's Legalization of Gay Marriage Read more...More about Mozilla, Ceo, Okcupid, Brendan Eich, and Business

Move over, Mark Zuckerberg — there's a new top CEO in town Glassdoor, a website that catalogs information about workplaces, published a list of the top 50 highest rated company CEOs, based on employee feedback. In 2013, Zuckerberg, Facebook's well-known CEO, topped the list with a 99% approval rating. He's been bumped down a few notches this year, but still managed to rank as one of the top ten tech company CEOs. See also: 10 Startups to Watch in 2014 Other big names, including Jeff Bezos of Amazon and Marissa Mayer of Yahoo were noticeably absent (they were 13 and 14, respectively, and Mayer is the only woman to crack the top 50). There just isn't enough room at the top Read more...More about Ceo, Technology, Features, Company, and Business

Popular crowdfunding platform Kickstarter announced that CEO Perry Chen will step away from his duties as CEO in part of a major executive shakeup announced on Wednesday. Chen will take over as the company's chairman beginning on Jan. 1, and fellow Kickstarter cofounder and current Head of Communications Yancey Strickler is set to take over as the company's CEO See also: Social Web for Good: Crowdfunding Better Communities "I’m looking forward to stepping away from the day-to-day to consider our path from a new perspective," Chen wrote in a blog post. "In the chairman role I’ll continue to offer big-picture guidance, support key projects, and assist our amazing team. I’m also looking forward to having time to work on creative projects of my own, after all these years working on an engine to support them. :)" Read more...More about Ceo, Crowdfunding, Kickstarter, Business, and Startups

"We are passionate in our opinion that the world has long since exceeded its quota in the mediocrity department. We believe our professional calling is to deliver quality... For Hulu, nothing less than brain-spray awesome quality will do, down to the finest detail." And so begins Hulu’s genesis document, “What Defines Hulu,” a corporate manifesto of sorts from original CEO, Jason Kilar. To read it now is to look into the dreaminess of a startup adventure so earnest it breaks your heart and such a clear picture of the kind of dog-years toll a digital media company experiences in just six years. Read more...More about Netflix, Hulu, Ceo, Video Streaming, and Business

Mark Zuckerberg was by far the highest paid public CEO in the United States last year, according to a new report. The Facebook CEO's total compensation for 2012 was nearly $2.3 billion, more than twice that of the next-highest paid CEO, according to GMI Ratings, which analyzed compensation for more than 2,000 CEOs of publicly traded companies See also: 10 Hot Social Networks to Watch Almost all of Zuckerberg's compensation for the year comes from income related to Facebook's IPO. On the day Facebook went public, Zuckerberg exercised 60 million stock options worth nearly $2.3 billion (though much of it was used to cover his taxes). He also received a base salary of $500,000 for the year, though starting this year, his salary changed to the symbolic $1 a year. Read more...More about Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg, Ceo, Stocks, and Business

Besides the Galaxy S 4 announcement yesterday, Samsung also announced a big change in leadership, adding two new CEOs to the company Presidents Boo-keun Yoon and JK Shin will join current CEO Oh-Hyun Kwon, meaning the company will now have three CEOs All three CEOs will also retain their current duties: Yoon will stay in charge of Samsung's Consumer Electronics Division, including TV and appliance products; Shin will continue leading the company's IT & Mobile Communications Division, and Kwon will continue to oversee Samsung's component business. SEE ALSO: Samsung Unveils the Galaxy S 4 The idea behind the move is to "clarify and enhance independent management" of the three divisions, Samsung explains. With its diverse portfolio of products and services, and a $6.6 billion profit in Q4 2012, it's no wonder that Samsung thinks it's getting too big for just one CEO Read more...More about Ceo, Samsung, and Business

Groupon isn't going anywhere, but Andrew Mason might be. That was the message given off by Mason, Groupon's co-founder and CEO, during an interview with Henry Blodget at Business Insider's Ingition conference on Wednesday. In response to several reports this week that some members of Groupon's board are talking about replacing him as CEO following the company's poor stock performance, Mason had a simple answer: Of course they are. "Here's a newsflash: Our stock is down 80% [from the IPO]. It would be weird if the board wasn't discussing whether I was the right guy for this job," Mason said in the interview. Read more...More about Ceo, Bankruptcy, Groupon, and Business

The Twitter account of Dell CEO Michael Dell's daughter Alexa disappeared from the Internet Friday, after one of her Instagram photos was picked up by a popular Tumblr blog. Alexa posted an Instagram photo, which she also shared to Twitter, of her brother Zachary eating from a decadent buffet aboard the family jet en-route to Fiji, reports Bloomberg BusinessWeek. The photo was picked up by the Tumblr sensation Rich Kids of Instagram (though it's since been removed). In addition to the Fiji Instagram, Alexa's Twitter account has been shut down, though the company didn't specify that it was because of security concerns. Read more...More about Twitter, Security, Ceo, Parenting, and Family

Kazuo Hirai is Sony's new CEO and President, replacing Howard Stringer, the company has announced The change is effective April 1st, and comes after a couple of rough years for Sony, with 2011 being particularly troublesome The company's earnings were on the decline; even worse, Sony had to deal with a huge PlayStation Network outage. The fact that Sony's PR department handled the matter rather clumsily did not help, either As president of the Consumer Products & Services Group at Sony as well as chairman of Sony Computer Entertainment, Hirai is already considered to be one of the most powerful executives in Sony. His main tasks will be turning Sony's TV business around and finding a way to compete with Apple in the mobile gaming arena Read more...More about Ceo, Sony, Business, and Kazuo Hirai

There's no set formula for startup success. Some companies focus on design, mastering industry research or one-upping competitors to make it to the top. In the case of Internet startup Klout, though, the focus is on users. From day one, Klout Founder and CEO Joe Fernandez's goal has been to "help people understand their influence and to [help them] leverage that influence." The San Francisco-based company measures an individual's influence across the Internet and scores that user's influence on a scale of 1 to 100. Prior to Klout, no other company had tried to tackle the space of Internet influence — as a result, Klout has become the de facto standard of online influence, defining the industry. Some of the world's largest brands even use Klout to identify and reward influential consumers in their categories. Read more...More about Startup, Ceo, Small Business, Features, and Users

In her first press conference after she took the helm of HP, new CEO Meg Whitman vowed to stay the course set by her predecessor, former CEO Leo Apotheker She wants to continue the purchase of British software company Autonomy for the eye-popping price of $10.3 billion, and continue to explore the breakup or spinoff of the company's PC division, according to the Wall Street Journal “We’re going to get to a decision as fast as possible" on the PC division, Whitman said according to CNET. "A decision like this is not like fine wine, it doesn’t get better with age.” Given that controversial stance, what would you do if you were in her shoes? Let's have a poll: Read more...More about Polls, Ceo, Hp, Meg Whitman, and Business

Apple was quick to update its executive profiles page, after Steve Jobs's announcement late Wednesday that he will step down from his position as Apple CEO. The page now reflects the new organizational structure of the company Tim Cook is now listed as the CEO of Apple, while Steve Jobs's new position as chairman of the board at Apple is listed at the bottom of the page. Tim Cook is now also on the board of directors SEE ALSO: Tim Cook Named Apple CEO | Twitter Reactions | 10 Iconic Steve Jobs Moments The last time Steve Jobs's picture wasn't on that list was in 1997, before he became the interim CEO and began leading Apple to profitability once again. For a quick trip down memory lane, here are snapshots of the Apple executive profiles page from 1998, 2001, 2005 and 2009. Read more...More about News, Ceo, Executive, Apple, and Steve Jobs

Following Steve Jobs's resignation announcement, Apple has named Tim Cook its new CEO. Cook, 50, joined Apple in March 1998. According to Apple, before Cook joined the company, he was vice president of corporate materials for Compaq and was "responsible for procuring and managing all of compacts product inventory." Before that, he was COO of Intelligent Electronics' reseller division. This won't be the first time he's run the company — he did for two months in 2004 when Steve Jobs had surgery for pancreatic cancer and again in 2009 when Jobs had a liver transplant Read more... SEE ALSO: Steve Jobs Resigns as CEO of Apple More about Ceo, Apple, Steve Jobs, Tim Cook, and Steve Jobs Resigns

The Social Analyst is a column by Mashable Co-Editor Ben Parr, where he digs into social media trends and how they are affecting companies in the space. Ten years ago, Google co-founder Larry Page gave up his role as CEO to an executive who had more experience with fast-growing technology companies: former Novell CEO Eric Schmidt. This week, Page took back the reigns of power at the company he helped create. On the surface, Page seems to be inheriting a company in great shape. It still controls two-thirds of the search market, its Android mobile OS is rapidly growing, and it has an array of successful products such as Gmail, Google Docs and YouTube. Read more...More about Google, Opinion, Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg, and Ceo

Google co-founder Larry Page replaces Eric Schmidt as CEO of the company Monday. Schmidt will continue as the executive chairman. While it's not a drastic change — Page was already the CEO of Google once, and has had a leading role since the company's beginning — it does raise questions of how the company will change under the new CEO Formally, Schmidt will focus on external affairs, relationships with businesses and governments as well as customer relations. Page will focus on internal affairs, product development, and technology strategy. But instead of Google functioning as a triumvirate, led by Schmidt, Page and Sergey Brin, Page will now be calling the shots - and taking more responsibility. Read more...More about Google, News, Ceo, Eric Schmidt, and Larry Page

Sir Howard Stringer, CEO of Sony, accidentally told everyone in the world that his company will be supplying image sensors for Apple's iPhone 5. In an interview late Friday with the Wall Street Journal's Walt Mossberg, the Sony chief was talking about earthquake damage to 15 of the Sony's factories in Japan, and inadvertently mentioned that a camera sensor made in one of those plants is on its way to Apple, and that sensor would be delayed because of the quake and tsunami. Stringer didn't specifically say that Sony is building an 8-megapixel image sensor that will go into the iPhone 5, but since Sony is currently not manufacturing any image sensors for Apple, this confirmed that Sony plans to supply components of the iPhone 5 Read more...More about Ceo, Sony, Iphone, Camera, and Trending

Speaking at a panel on "Open Innovation" at the DLD conference in Munich, Germany, today Google's VP of consumer products Marissa Mayer spoke about the recent changes in Google's leadership "Well, for a long time Google has been a triumvirate ... last Thursday they reshuffled," said Mayer She also downplayed the importance of the CEO change, pointing out that Larry Page was already the CEO of Google once before. "There's been a lot of people speculating about the changeover, but we're really excited. A lot of people forget that Larry was the CEO for the first 3 years of the company." "Larry's passion has always been around products and UX. He's really gonna be focused on products and making sure we execute well across the board," said Mayer. Read more...More about Google, News, Ceo, Conference, and Larry Page

We're still digesting the bombshell announcement that Google co-founder Larry Page is replacing Eric Schmidt as CEO. The change, effective April 4, will take Larry Page to the top while Eric Schmidt will take on the role of executive chairman. At the same time, co-founder Sergey Brin will be stepping down as president of technology and assuming the simple title of co-founder. What does this mean for Google as a company? What is going to change and how is it going to operate? Under the current system, Eric Schmidt, Larry Page and Sergey Brin run the multibillion dollar company as a triumvirate, having equal say on all key decisions. There have been a lot of advantages to this system, as Google's rapid ascension has proven, but Schmidt says that it has also slowed down decision-making and made it difficult to figure out who's accountable for decisions at the top. Read more...More about Google, News, Ceo, Channels, and Sergey Brin

Time magazine coverboy and billionaire Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has been named one of the 10 worst-dressed guys of 2010 by Esquire magazine When Esquire was putting together its "2010 Celebrity Style Hall of Shame" list, it didn't have to look far in the tech world to find plenty of candidates. Mark was easy prey to Esquire's critical eye, given his high profile and simple wardrobe What's the matter with the way he dresses, anyway? We don't mind that casual look, and if a billionaire CEO has a closet full of exactly the same shirt and pants (we're looking at you, Steve Jobs), who are we to say he can't wear them? It makes him comfortable, and after all, getting away with wearing a T-shirt to a black-tie event means you're one powerful dude Read more...More about Facebook, Fashion, Gallery, Mark Zuckerberg, and Ceo

Not thrilled that Apple's Ping music service doesn't integrate with Facebook? Well, Apple feels the same way — that's allegedly why Steve Jobs invited Mark Zuckerberg over for dinner to talk. When Apple first launched the music discovery and social networking service inside iTunes, users could use Facebook Connect to access information stored in their Facebook accounts such as friends lists. It was important to the service's success — after all, without that feature you'd have to search for each new friend by name rather than just importing your Facebook friends. Unfortunately, that's exactly what's happenedFacebook blocked Ping's Connect integration because Apple hadn't made a deal for the social network's support. There's no longer any mention of Facebook in Ping. Read more...More about Facebook, News, Music, Social Networking, and Mark Zuckerberg

After a summer of searching, Finland-based Nokia has chosen a new CEO: Stephen Elop, the president of Microsoft's Business division. Earlier this year, reports surfaced that Nokia was unhappy with the leadership of CEO Olli-Pekka Kallasvuo, especially in the realm of smartphones. The mobile giant has lost considerable ground over the last few years to the likes of Apple's iPhone and Google's Android platform. The result has been a 40% drop in profits in the last year alone. "The time is right to accelerate the company's renewal; to bring in new executive leadership with different skills and strengths in order to drive company success," Nokia Chairman Jorma Ollila said in a statement. "The Nokia Board believes that Stephen has the right industry experience and leadership skills to realize the full potential of Nokia." Read more...More about Mobile, News, Ceo, Nokia, and Microsoft

Former HP CEO Mark Hurd is in talks to join computer technology corporation Oracle "as a top executive," the Wall Street Journal reports. Hurd resigned from his position at HP after an investigation into a sexual harassment claim made by a former HP contractor. The company concluded that Hurd did not violate its sexual harassment policy, but the investigation nevertheless uncovered evidence that he violated its Standards of Business Conduct, including filing inaccurate expense reports. Announcing his resignation, Hurd stated, "I realized there were instances in which I did not live up to the standards and principles of trust, respect and integrity that I have espoused at HP and which have guided me throughout my career." Read more...More about News, Ceo, Executive, Sex, and Oracle

This series is supported by Gist. Gist provides a full view of the contacts in your professional network by creating a rich business profile for each one that includes the most news, status updates, and work details. See how it works here. Today's CEO is not social. So says Forrester Research's CEO George Colony. Very few of the CEOs at top companies in the U.S. and the rest of the world have any material presence on the popular social media sites. Colony believes they should be social though, and all signs are pointing to a future filed with CEOs who can speak the language of the people — social media. Read more...More about Social Networking, Opinion, Marketing, Social Media, and Ceo

This weekend the web discovered that Mark Zuckerberg is unblockable on Facebook, and while many assumed that was an Easter egg created by Facebook developers, it turns out that's not the case. Rather, Zuckerberg is unblockable because of an automated system that kicks in when too many people try to block one user. This afternoon we received an e-mail from a Facebook spokesperson who revealed: "This error isn't specific to any one account. It's generated when a person has been blocked a certain large number of times. In very rare instances, a viral campaign will develop instructing lots of people to all wrongly block the same person. The purpose of this system is to protect the experience for people targeted by these campaigns. We're constantly working to improve our systems and are taking a closer look at this one." Read more...More about Social Networking, Facebook, News, Mark Zuckerberg, and Social Media