Mashable teamed up with Monster on Jan. 9 to throw an amazing closeout party at CES. The sold-out event hosted hundreds of CES attendees, who came to drink, dance and celebrate surviving a week of CES excitement. The event was held at one of the hottest nightclubs in Las Vegas, Hakkassan, in the MGM Grand Hotel and CasinoDJ duo A plus D, creators of Bootie spun mashups, along with Monster DJ’s Monsieur Komplex and Mark DA Spot, spun their latest hits all night long. This year at MashBash, attendees were invited to experience the latest Monster product, GO-DJ, a portable, pocket-sized DJ system and production studio, as well as several lines of headphones Read more...More about Mashbash, Monster, Ces, Marketing, and Tech

Last week, we asked Mashable readers to share their #CESgear with us on Twitter, Instagram and Vine. We received well over 100 submissions of geeky gadgets, some in #thingsorganizedneatly-style photographs and others in stop-motion videos and short reviews Above, you'll see the two submissions we chose as winnersMichael Stancil's "travel light" stash won our photo challenge, and Jake Dorr's stop-motion video of his gridded tech case won our Vine challenge. We've also rounded up some of the other photos and videos we loved. Take a look below Thanks for all your submissions and for tuning in to our CES coverage last week. Read more...More about Gadgets, Vine, Social Media, Mashable Vine Challenge, and Ces 2014

During a stand up-routine at a McAfee Security and Intel partnership launch party in Las Vegas last week, comedian Kathy Griffin reenacted Hollywood director Michael Bay's dramatic flee from the 2014 International CES stage the day before. She also lampooned jokes at the controversial founder of the anti-virus software company, John McAfee, who has been under investigation for the shooting death of his neighbor in Central America Whether it's catering to the tech crowd or her devoted fan base, the "My Life on the D-List star" is quick on her feet with references to whatever's trending, particularly in the celebrity world. She attributes combing through social media sites as her latest method for material inspiration Read more...More about Social, Twitter, Ces, Mcafee, and Entertainment

Bang & Olufsen is aiming to take the music you listen to on a smartphone and put it on the wall. The BeoSound Essence is a hockey puck-shaped music controller that reduces the number of actions you need to perform to one: just tap, and the music will start playing. What music, you ask? That depends on what you were playing last. The dial on the wall is just the first part of the product. The second part is a hideaway box that is wired to your speakers and communicates wirelessly with music sources. Those sources can be smartphones, tablets or PCs — anything with Wi-Fi connection. The Essence is compatible with Apple AirPlay, Spotify Connect and standard DLNA connections. Read more...More about Music, Ces, Tech, Bang Olufsen, and Smart Home

LAS VEGAS — The Segway may not have changed the world, as inventor Dean Kamen hoped, but the existence of a self-balancing personal mobility vehicle did end up spawning many imitators — some more promising than others. I’d put the InMotion SCV R1EX, a sensor-controlled vehicle, in that category At just 35 pounds (the Segway i2 weighs a little over 100 pounds) and fully portable, the SCV R1EX is somewhat less intimidating than your garden variety Segway, although they work in similar ways. Users climb onto the platform of the two-wheeled, self-balancing robot, grab the handle and then lean slightly forward to move forward. To turn, users must lean slightly left or right (the motion is so slight, it might as well be called an intention). More extreme leans make you go faster, turn harder or stop quickly Read more...More about Tech, Gadgets, Mobile, and Ces 2014

Innovation may not be synonymous with tennis rackets, toothbrushes or underwear, but 2014 is the year that everyday items will undergo a massive high-tech makeover. During last week's International CES, companies launched products in line with the "the Internet of Things" trend — a term that refers to bringing Wi-Fi connection, and ultimately, the Internet to common objects SEE ALSO: 14 Hot Fitness Gadgets to Make You Sweat We saw a smart bed from Sleep Number that watches you while you sleep, tracking your snooze cycle and even adjusting your position so you don't snore. There was also a smart grill from Lynx, which uses voice commands and cooking algorithms to remember how you like your meat cooked. Read more...More about Ces, Gadgets, Mobile, Lifestyle, and Smart Home

Another contender in the smartwatch space, the Neptune Pine packs two cameras and a fully functional Android 4.1 OS See also: 6 Creative Hacks for Your Smartphone Mashable got a closer look at CES 2014. Check out the video, above, for more Image: Mashable Read more...More about Android, Watch, Android Phones, Startups, and Tech

Contrary to recent stories that hint at the International CES' possible decline, the annual technology show broke a new record this month, according to organizers. The Consumer Electronics Association, which organizes the Las Vegas-based event, said Friday that this year’s CES was the largest show in its history. The CEA claimed that the event, which hosted the presentations of 3,200 exhibitors, covered a record two million net square feet of exhibit space See also: Mashable's Best Tech of CES 2014 The year’s event drew a large number of celebrities, including director (and poor public speaker) Michael Bay, Star Trek’s LeVar Burton and several other big names in film, television and music Read more...More about Events, Tech, Ces, Marketing, and Ces 2014

YouTube star and self-described tech "enthusiast" Phil Defranco has built a video empire on Internet commentary See also: 20 Funniest YouTube Videos According to Reddit He shares his favorite hits and misses at the 2014 International CES. Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Image: Facebook, Phil Defranco Read more...More about Video, Youtube, Tech, Gadgets, and Videos

LAS VEGAS — Fitness tech is one of the hottest trends on the market right now, but wristband trackers are not the only gadget that can whip you into shape. From the world's first Wi-Fi-enabled tennis racket to a treadmill that can be used with Google Glass, the tech world ushered in a whole collection of new gadgets at the 2014 International CES. SEE ALSO: Connected Underwear Will Turn You On Companies are also making staying fit more portable, too. For example, the Tao device is small enough to use on a plane, and coaches you on how to do pilates and plank exercises. Keeping your New Year's resolution will never be easier. Read more...More about Fitness, Tech, Ces, Lifestyle, and Health Fitness

LAS VEGAS — The number and variety of robotic technology at the International CES this year was nothing if not surprising. We saw everything from balancing, ball-playing robots to robot balls to grill-cleaning bots and even a robot that simply carries your groceries. It's enough to make you believe in an impending robot revolution — but not one we should particularly fear. See also: Mashable's Best Tech of CES 2014 Check out our favorites in the gallery above and let us know which of these bots you would most want in your home. Image: Mashable Read more...More about Robots, Ces, Tech, Gadgets, and Ces 2014

Drop the world's top techies in a Las Vegas convention center and you'll see a ton of cool innovations and awe-inspiring technologies. You'll also get some pretty awkward encounters. We sent YouTube star Lamarr Wilson to CES to see if he could find the most awkward moments of the week. Check out the video above and see what he found. You can catch new episodes of Lamarr's show Socially Awkward every Thursday, so do us a personal favor and subscribe to his channel — there's a lot more awkward fun in store. On last week's episode of Socially Awkward: Justin Bieber, PLEASE Retire! Image: Robyn Beck/Getty Images Read more...More about Tech, Ces, Gadgets, Watercooler, and Videos

Sony may move into the territory market dominated by the Oculus Rift and other virtual-reality headsets with an upgrade to its head-mounted display. With a prototype head tracker attached, the visor-like entertainment device becomes an immersive game environment. The company's HMZ-T3W headgear has been around since September of last year, although it was designed to be primarily a video device. The idea is you slip on the display (which makes you look like Cyclops from the X-Men), sit back and press play. The headset will create a virtual 750-inch (!) screen in front of your eyes, complete with surround sound, giving you a cinematic experience wherever you are. Read more...More about Gaming, Sony, Ces, Tech, and Gadgets

CES 2014 has officially ushered in the era of 4K. While the video format also known as Ultra HD made its first big splash at last year's show, the TVs were expensive, the technology wasn't fully formed, and the question of content hadn't been properly answered. The 4K picture is now much clearer. All the major TV manufacturers unveiled notable 4K TVs at several screen sizes (including a monstrous 120-inch set). Prices have ramped down, with entry-level sets as low as $999 (and from brands you've actually heard of). The sets now sport HDMI 2.0 connectors, meaning they're fully compatible with everything the 4K format can throw at them, including frame rates up to 60fps. Read more...More about Amazon, Netflix, Ces, 4k, and Tech

Curved screens and wearable tech may be the stars of CES 2014, but once upon a time a bulky little number called the VCR was the toast of the tech world. As we plunge deeper into our coverage of this year's most noteworthy gizmos and gadgets, let's take a look back at some of the classic tech that owes its ubiquity to the Consumer Electronics Show. See also: Mashable's Best Tech of CES 2014 Some, like the VCR, would see a meteoric rise only to be promptly eclipsed by something newer and shinier. Others, like the tablet, will undoubtedly continue to populate our homes, cars and kitchens in the years to come. And some, like the Nintendo and Xbox consoles, will continue to dominate as gaming evolves. Read more...More about Microsoft, Technology, Sony, Features, and Ces

Maybe you've always wanted to have curves like Kate Upton's, or muscles like Channing Tatum's. Or you just want to own an action figure of yourself, but with a better body. Look no further — your slightly narcissistic dreams are about to come true. See also: Mashable's Best Tech of CES 2014 At this year's CES, Cubify offered a peek at 3DMe, a service that allows you to create 3D-printed figurines using photos of yourselfMashable's Lance Ulanoff took a quick peek at the offerings at the Cubify booth. Subscribe to our YouTube channel for more CES coverage. Image: Mashable, Lance Ulanoff BONUS: I 3D Printed a Gun Read more...More about Ces, 3d Printers, 3d Printing, Tech, and Dev Design

YouTuber SoldierKnowsBest, aka Mark Watson, is like a kid in a candy store right now - or a techie at an electronics trade show. Mark will most likely be hard at work, vlogging to his 679,000 subscribers about all of the new gadgets and gizmos that are premiering at CES this year. Luckily for us, he took some time to talk to Mashable about what he is most looking forward to this year at the conference. See also: Mashable's Best Tech of CES 2014 You can find more video coverage of CES 2014, as well as year-round coverage of the newest innovations in technology, on Mashable's YouTube page. Read more...More about Tech, Youtubers, Gadgets, and Ces 2014

The 2014 International CES was abundant with innovative new tech, such as 4K cameras and TVs and wearables like the Pebble Steel. But the conference was, as usual, filled with a collection of quirky and fun products that slipped under the radar too See also: Mashable's Best Tech of CES 2014 From dancing robots to a tiny device that makes taking selfies easier, Mashable editor-in-chief Lance Ulanoff walks us through some of the weirdest tech you might have missed. Check out the video above. Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Image: Mashable Read more...More about Gadgets, Tech, and Ces 2014

What good is 4K video going to be if you can't upload those huge files to YouTube? 4K video cameras are becoming more affordable, but will they take off without a big leap in Internet connectivity speeds? See also: Mashable's Best Tech of CES 2014 Watch YouTube stars Lamarr Wilson and iJustine discuss the future of 4K video, connected homes and wearable technology in the video above. You can also find more video coverage of CES 2014, as well as year-round coverage of the newest innovations in technology, on Mashable's YouTube page BONUS: Sony's 4K Camcorder: A YouTuber's Dream | CES 2014 [VIDEO] Read more...More about Sony, Tech, Ijustine, Gadgets, and Ces 2014

YouTubers rejoice! Sony unveiled its newest 4K Handicam at this year's CES conference, making high quality video a possibility for filmmakers on tighter budgets. So how does it fare against the competition? Check out the video above to find out. See also: Sony Debuts 4K Camcorder That Costs Just $2,000 You can find more video coverage of CES 2014, as well as year-round coverage of the newest innovations in technology, on Mashable's YouTube page . BONUS: Sony Turns You Into Cyclops | CES 2014 [VIDEO] Image: Mashable Read more...More about Sony, Tech, Gadgets, Ces 2014, and Lamarr Wilson

LAS VEGAS — Among all the 4K announcements about 4K TV at CES 2014, Vizio stood out on two counts: first with the largest TV on offer, and second with the smallest price for a set from a major manufacturer. Vizio beat even Samsung's 110-inch Ultra HD (4K) model with a massive 120-inch TV, part of the company's Reference Series for 4K, which will be available in the second half of 2014. Vizio's gargantuan 4K TV is the largest that we've seen at CES 2014. See also: Samsung's 105-Inch Curved 4K TV: Less TV, More Movie Theater But the company stood out on the other end of the spectrum as well. Vizio will offer one of the most inexpensive 4K TVs on the market, the entry-level model of its P series, which will be able to deliver true 4K content for the small sum of $999. Read more...More about Ces, T Mobile, Vizio, Tech, and Mobile

LAS VEGAS — Ozobot, a game-playing robot, wants you to get physical with digital games — and it could be on to something. According to a recent study by the Entertainment Software Association, more than half (58%) of all Americans play video games, which may lead some to believe that fewer people are playing physical board games. On the other hand, the same study says 34% of online gamers play puzzles, board games, game shows, trivia and card games, which suggests many still yearn for some old-school gaming These findings could help explain the motivation to develop a product like Ozobot. It’s a tiny, one-inch-tall robot designed to work on top of tablet and smartphone screens, as well on as paper. What's more, it will follow both digital and physical lines that players draw on the fly, and can even reportedly tell the difference between a digital and physical surface. Read more...More about Robot, Toys, Tech, Gadgets, and Mobile

Could this bulky helmet be the cure for baldness? Engineers at Apira Science certainly seem to think so. The iGrow Helmet, one of the products showcased at this year's CES, promises to jump-start hair growth by stimulating weak hair follicles with low-level laser therapy. The iGrow uses 566 nanometer lasers to try to resurrect thinning hair. Because the gadget requires active hair follicles to work, the iGrow Helmet will be ineffective on those who are completely bald. See also: Mashable's Best Tech of CES 2014 "When you have a follicle that's producing a hair shaft — even if it's a little thin, tiny hair shaft — this will grow those hair shafts back over time," said a representative from Apira Science. Read more...More about Ces, Tech, Gadgets, Ces 2014, and Igrow

LAS VEGAS — LeVar Burton is no stranger to CES. Although he's best known for his work in Star Trek: The Next Generation, Roots and Reading Rainbow, the actor, director and educator is also a huge tech fan. We caught up with Burton at the 2014 International CES and talked about the newest version of Reading Rainbow. After PBS canceled the series in 2009, Burton relaunched it last June as a tablet app via RRKidz, an educational company he co-founded. Eighteen months later, the app is a hit. It is the App Store's top-grossing education app and one of the top-grossing kids apps; it is also in the top 100 grossing apps in general. Read more...More about Apps, Education, Tech, Apps Software, and Levar Burton

LAS VEGAS — If you want to switch to T-Mobile but haven't because you're locked into a contract on another carrier, you just lost that excuse. Starting today, T-Mobile will cover your early termination fees for breaking your contract. In addition, T-Mobile said it will give switchers an instant credit on your old phone of up to $300. Getting a new phone is easier, too, as the carrier is extending its $0 down payment to more phones, including Samsung Galaxy models. See also: T-Mobile 2013: The Comeback Carrier John Legere, in a typically boisterous and expletive-ridden presentation, made the announcement at CES 2014. T-Mobile will also enable customers to send a "breakup letter" to their current carrier online, with such wording as, "Welcome to dumpsville. Population: You." Read more...More about Ces, T Mobile, Tech, Mobile, and Ces 2014

LAS VEGAS — Imagine if you could mute your TV just by putting one finger to your lips (the international symbol for "shush!") and turn on off appliances by pointing at them You can. In fact, I did just that at CES this year, thanks to software-based gesture technology from PointGrab See also: 14 Robotics Breakthroughs From the Past Decade PointGrab's gesture-driven interfaces are at least as old as the Microsoft Kinect and Leap Motion, but in both cases, specialized hardware is required to play games and control interfaces. PointGrab's software solution works with standard 2D cameras. In one demonstration, it used a Logitech webcam Read more...More about Tv, Ces, Home Automation, Gesture Control, and Tech

You're bound to see a wide range of products at International CES: ones that are hitting shelves this year, prototypes that may be years away from becoming realities, and inspiring keynotes and conversations that could change the way you look at technology. Then, there's the weird stuff at CES. Like any nerd fest, the conference not only packs innovative technology into a convention center in Las Vegas, but also delivers on some of the most eye-catching — or simply odd — experiences you may ever see. See also: Mashable's Best Tech of CES 2014 If you’re at CES and come across something that seems just plain weird, take a photo or record a Vine or Instagram video and tag it with the hashtag #weirdCES. We’ll be collecting some of your images and videos into the RebelMouse page below to show the world just how odd (and awesome) CES can be. Read more...More about Technology, Tech, Ces, Weird, and Dev Design

LAS VEGAS — Electronic ink technology has some amazing properties. It's ultra-low power, uses no backlighting, can illustrate both images and black-and-white text, and can produce a display that closely resembles paper. All of this has made "e-ink," also known as electronic paper, the perfect medium for e-readers from Barnes & Noble and Amazon. Now, those same properties are helping e-ink move off the page and into a new class of products like ClockOne ClockOne from Twelve24 is a wall clock based on e-ink. At about 1 meter wide and roughly 4 millimeters thick, the lightweight clock hangs on the wall with one screw and a special wall mount. Read more...More about Ces, E Ink, Eink, Tech, and Gadgets

LAS VEGAS — "Saturday Night Live" cast members Cecily Strong and Kenan Thompson made a surprise guest appearance during the Yahoo keynote presentation at the 2014 International CES on Tuesday, with a hilarious "Weekend Update" segment tailored specifically to the tech crowd. From jokes about Bitcoin and Snapchat to over-sharing on Facebook, Grumpy Cat and the popular Tumblr blog "Hot Dog Legs," Strong delivered a snarky spin on the year's top tech stories. SEE ALSO: 'Connected Underwear Will Turn You On "The founders of Snapchat last year turned down a $3 billion offer from Facebook and a $4 billion offer from Google," Strong said. "It's a surprising show of integrity from the guys that invented the app that lets you look at pictures of boobs for five seconds." Read more...More about Yahoo, Ces, Snl, Tv, and Tech

Pity poor Michael Bay: These are four words I never thought I'd hear myself say. But the more you see his gaffe watched 'round the world (now a Taiwanese animation and a Sarah Silverman one-liner), the harder it is not to feel sorry for the explosion-happy director For one thing, you have to admire Bay's chutzpah. He thought it would be no big deal to go up on stage at CES before representatives of the entire world's media without learning his lines. What could go wrong? He's a big-time big shot. He's done press conferences. There's a teleprompter. See also: Michael Bay Flees Stage at Samsung Press Conference Read more...More about Film, Social Media, and Ces 2014