As soccer fans around the globe gear up to take in the World Cup on Thursday, a number of companies are using the event to push their tech-focused efforts into the spotlight But long before the Twitter World Cup hashtag campaigns and Google Maps' virtual tours of the playing fields, for years Adidas, one of the oldest sports wear brands around, has been quietly advancing the technology behind one of the most important components of the event: the ball See also: World Cup Stars: 20 Electrifying Players You Need to Know "We've been at the forefront of every major soccer innovation for nearly 90 years and the World Cup has featured Adidas for more than half a century," said Ernesto Bruce, director of soccer for Adidas, in a statement Read more...More about Brazil, Soccer, Football, Design, and Adidas

We might want to revise that age-old saying about judging books by their covers. The TerribleBookCovers subreddit has a few recommendations for you. See also: 9 Book Suggestions Based On Your Favorite '90s Album Highlighting the best of the worst in book design, title choice and overall presentation, the subreddit features a stunning collection of bad photoshop, creepy models and — err — niche hobbies. From guides on knitting with dog fur to novel-length manifestos about the endless benefits of leeches, these books are basically impossible to not judge. Take a look through some of our favorites below, coming to a bookstore hopefully nowhere near you (The Hobbit notwithstanding, of course). Read more...More about Reddit, Books, Lists, Design, and Watercooler

SAN FRANCISCO — They stood on stage beaming like parents, many holding hefty metallic squares with glowing Apple logos. They were the developers of the 12 apps that had just won coveted Apple Design Awards at the company's 25th annual World Wide Developers Conference on Monday The choices were compelling, but what I really wanted to know was what the award-winning developers thought of Apple’s keynote and fire hose of announcements. So as the decorated developers milled about the stage, we asked a few of the award winners about their products and WWDC perceptions — where Apple delivered and where it disappointed. Read more...More about Apple, Design, Tech, Apps Software, and Dev Design

After long days and late nights of hammering, molding and piecing together a massive comet in Brooklyn Bridge Park, designers and architects put the finishing touches on a 9-foot high, 12-foot long model of the very real 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko comet (C-G Comet) that will soon race by the sun. See also: 8 Astronomy Apps for Stargazers The International Rosetta Mission and the European Space Agency have been following the C-G comet's journey through space for the past 10 years. After a decade-long chase, the Rosetta satellite is finally landing on the mysterious comet, which is 9 miles high and 12 miles long, in August Read more...More about Space, Nasa, Design, Endmalaria, and Architecture

Kickstarter, meet the Museum of Modern Art The MoMA Design Store in New York City collaborated with the crowdfunding site to sell Kickstarter-successful products in stores and online, from May 13 to June 16. It's a part of NYCxDESIGN, a city-wide celebration of all things design Gauri Nanda is one of MoMA's lucky, handpicked designers. Along with cofounder Audry Hill, she created Toymail, a mini animal toy that connects to an iOS app. Speak into the app from anywhere in the world, and the toy will project the speech, like voicemail. Nanda and Hill came up with the concept as a way for adults to keep up with kids. Read more...More about Gadgets, Startups, Art, New York City, and Features

Japanese apparel maker Uniqlo is no stranger to integrating technology into its unique marketing campaigns. But a new promotion goes several steps further by allowing consumers to design their own clothes, using a smartphone app. See also: Tumblr Founder David Karp Stars in Uniqlo Ad Campaign [VIDEO] Dubbed UTme!, the app enables users to take a photo, type text or draw a design, then have that design uploaded to the Uniqlo website, and placed on a shirt they can purchase for 1,990 yen (about $20). Image: Uniqlo But if a simple image or text message is too pedestrian for your tastes, the app has another function that lets the user shake their smartphone to randomly apply additional effects. Rather than offering potentially cheesy visual elements, the effects inject distinct design flourishes that give even the simplest graphics a touch of professional-looking artistry. Read more...More about Fashion, Apps, Japan, Design, and Smartphones

Most movie posters can give you a good clue as to what the film is about — but it's easy to misinterpret a title's clever turn of phrase. Mumbai-based designer Danish Ahmed illustrated this humorous series that reimagines some of Hollywood's recent popular pictures and takes their titles quite literally. Movies like The Wolf of Wall Street look entirely different, replacing Leonardo Dicaprio as a wealthy stockbroker with a hungry-looking wolf stalking an empty Wall St. See also: 23 Whimsical Disney Posters That Took a Trip Down the Rabbit Hole Each little brainworm is not only worth a good chuckle, but makes you curious to see these different titles in their literal form. Who knows, maybe a movie about the mathematical constant "pi" would do well at the box office. Read more...More about Movies, Art, Film, Design, and Funny

The Mashable Events Board is a great place to find leading conferences in your industry, whether it's advertising, technology, media or public relations. This week, we're highlighting five events that we think can help move your career forward, from those in California to Warsaw. If you don't find something that's right for you, check out more than 60 events featured in our complete listing. Read more...On the Events Board, you can sort listings by date added, get discount codes as a Mashable reader and watch videos of past events to get previews of what to expect. You can also follow @MashableEvents on Twitter to catch the best events before they sell out. More about Events, Marketing, Design, Digital Marketing, and Business

Get outta here, Comic Sans — and take Papyrus with you. A new open-source, online typeface editor wants to streamline how we design fonts, a process that is otherwise typically tedious and repetitive. See also: A New Version of Comic Sans Actually Looks Pretty Cool Prototypo will let anyone design an entire font system all at once. For professionals this means a less time-consuming process than working letter-by-letter and for beginners it means a way to create something original without having a lot of expertise or running into legal issues by modifying existing fonts. "When I make a website I can go to a website like Google Fonts ... but they're very basic and I still have to browse," Prototypo co-founder Louis-Rémi Babé told Mashable. "Instead I could just have a larger list of parameters right on the web page I'm designing." Read more...More about Web, Open Source, Design, Font, and Kickstarter

More squares, less fluff. Famous furballs underwent an 8-bit makeover. The designers at re:blog admit they prefer dogs, but completing their extensive Dog Days series inspired them to also give cats a new look See also: Artist Turns Classic Works of Art Into 8-Bit Masterpieces The result, Cats in the Night, features perfectly pixelated versions of Internet and pop culture cats such as Nyan Cat, Hello Kitty and Garfield. Image: Cats in the Night re:blog The design is adorable on its own, but it turns out it was only a blueprint for creating 3D Lego versions of the critters. Print versions of the entire collection can be purchased on BZA and Society6 Read more...More about Design, Lego, Artwork, Cats, and 8 Bit

Would you hire Roald Dahl or Vincent van Gogh? With a beautifully crafted business card, it's hard for hiring managers to resist these superstars of history. To celebrate the launch of their new letterheads, online stationer MOO created custom business card and letter head designs for 12 prominent figures. Each design plays on its particular celebrity's personality to reflect their personal brand — at least if they had branding back in the time of Henry VIII or Jane Austen. See also: Movie Characters Jumpstart New Careers With Business Cards Some of the designs also make clever plays on words or references to the figures' lives and works. Albert Einstein's cards reflect a bold E=mc2 within the typeface while William Shakespeare's make a reference to writer Christopher Marlowe, who is rumored to have written some of The Bard's famous plays. Read more...More about List, Ugc, Design, Business Cards, and Watercooler

You're watching a cooking TV show and there's a recipe you like. You save it, and send it to your refrigerator. Your refrigerator logs the recipe and lets you know whether or not you have the groceries available. If you do, you connect to your oven so it knows to preheat immediately. All of this is done without leaving your couch That's the future of the connected home, according to Kurt Jovais, the vice president of Samsung's home appliance division. He predicts we'll see a proliferation of connected smart appliances within two to three years. "The technology is all there," he tells Mashable. Read more...More about Gadgets, Features, Business, Design, and Kitchen

The Internet isn't always "one size fits all." Every day, inaccessible web design prevents billions of people in the disabled community from an easy online experience. For those with visual impairments, learning difficulties, hearing loss and more, there are dozens of unique challenges waiting behind every URL. But building a disability-friendly site is a lot simpler than you might think. See also: 9 Apps and Resources to Learn American Sign Language Laurence Berry, a designer for UK-based design and tech organization FutureGov who has also written extensively about accessible web design, says the easiest way to build user-friendly sites is to figure out their key obstacles Read more...More about Internet, Features, Design, How Tos, and Dev And Design

It's easily the sexiest car at the New York International Auto Show — and also the most mysterious The Koenigsegg Agera R drew a lot of attention from nearby onlookers — despite the fact that it sat next to a Lotus and a Bugatti. That's largely thanks to the Agera R's otherworldly shape and daring design. See also: 5 Free Android Apps for Tethering Hailing from Sweden, Koenigsegg is already a familiar name among supercar enthusiasts, but for the non-fanatic, it's a relatively unfamiliar brand. Many supercars are designed with great attention to detail, but the Agera R was clearly designed with love. How so? First let's take the unique reverse wing-like doors, designed by Koenigsegg founder Christian von Koenigsegg himself (who prefers that you refer to the doors as the "dihedral synchro-helix actuation system") Read more...More about Design, Tech, Dev Design, Mobile, and Supercars

Walk through this year's New York international Auto Show, and it's clear that the current crop of cars are rapidly catching up with the concept vehicles of the future But one audacious 3D-printed car on display at the event, a Ford Gran Torino, looks like it just arrived from the underworld or an alien planet — and we doubt automakers will ever catch up to this kind of design See also: The 12 Most Expensive Cars at the New York Auto Show Crafted by Ioan Florea, this "liquid metal" version of the 1971 Ford Gran Torino looks like it was touched Ghost Rider or peeled from the walls of an H.R. Gigerspacecraft Read more...More about Design, Cars, Auto, 3d Printing, and Tech

Toyota gave car fans an up-close look at its video game-inspired FT-1 concept car at the New York International Auto Show on Wednesday Hosted by old-school rapper Biz Markie and Makerbot founder Bre Pettis (who helped 3D-print a special Gran Turismo trophy for the event), the event provided an up-close look at the FT-1. See also: 5 Free Android Apps for Tethering Image: Mashable, Adario Strange Designed by Calty Design Research in California, Toyota's FT-1 concept first made its debut in January at the Detroit Auto Show, but in person, the vehicle's sleek curves and bold race-car aesthetic is even more impressive, and definitely evokes the hyper-reality in Gran Turismo 6 Read more...More about Design, Toyota, Concept Car, Tech, and Us

Nissan took the wraps off it latest version of the Nissan Murano SUV at the New York International Auto Show in New York on Wednesday On hand to introduce the vehicle to the American public was Nissan's senior vice president and chief creative officer, Shiro Nakamura See also: Nissan Plans to Offer Driverless Cars by 2020 According Nissan, the slightly futuristic design aesthetic of the 2015 Murano is inspired by the Nissan Resonance concept vehicle unveiled back in 2013 "At Nissan, we create concept vehicles with an eye toward production, rather than just for entertaining auto show audiences," says Nakamura. "Likely few people who saw Resonance in its North American International Auto Show debut imagined that we could build such a futuristic design. But here it is, ready to hit Nissan showrooms less than 24 months later.” Read more...More about Design, Nissan, Concept Cars, Tech, and Apps Software

When we think about the spectacular collapses of once untouchable Internet properties, companies like MySpace and Pets.com come to mind. The rise and fall of AOL Instant Messenger rivals them all. Once the dominant force in digital messaging and a source of innovations other companies spun off into billions of dollars of businesses, AIM is now mostly dormant. Mashable sat down with three of the early engineers of the program to learn about its origins, why AOL never quite embraced the concept of a free messaging service, getting hacked by Microsoft and the features that never quite made it to users. Read more...More about Aol, Aim, Startups, Features, and Business

Those drab, white walls can be a nightmare for some city dwellers who need a little color in their lives. An apartment's decor is like owning your space - so how do you take claim your place when you're living on a lease? For the millions of renters out there, a stylish and colorful home doesn't have to be just a fantasy. There are plenty of ways to dress up your walls without any paint or nasty holes to hide from your landlord. See also: 10 DIY Projects to Refresh Your Apartment for Spring When rent is due, you'll be happy to know that these DIY projects fit any skill level and budget to fix up your humble abode. Read more...More about Lists, Art, Design, Diy, and Interior Design

If you've ever wanted to have your very own Doge, now is your chance. These fun figurines are primed and ready to jump off your News Feeds and onto your desks thanks to 3D printing. Shapeways is a marketplace that uses over 15,000 designers to produce a wide array of 3D-printed jewelry, home decor, gadgets, game pieces, and of course, memes. Now you can share how you really feel in the form of a pocket-sized figurine that resembles your favorite Internet ear worm — from Grumpy Cat to Rapping Joseph Decreux.See also: A 3D Printer Could Be Your Future Tattoo Artist Memes have always been a hilarious and clever way to communicate online, so why not use them in real life as well? According to a representative from Shapeways, 120,000 unique designs are uploaded to Shapeways every month." Their meme figurines are all available for purchase Read more...More about Lists, Design, Printing, Memes, and 3 D

Apple human interface vice-president Greg Christie, one of the key people involved in building the original iPhone, is leaving the company, according to a new report. After his departure, all of Apple's software design will report to senior vice-president Jony Ive, who Christie reportedly had problems with. See also: 8 Great Hidden Features in iOS 7 Citing "sources briefed on the matter," 9to5Mac reported Christie — who currently leads software design for iOS — will leave Apple "soon." Ive became the head of human interface design in 2012 following the departure of iOS chief Scott Forstall, but Christie and his team still reported to senior vice-president of software engineering Craig Federighi. When Christie departs, all software designers will report to Ive, the report said. Read more...More about Apple, Design, Jony Ive, Tech, and Apps Software

Ink junkies, take note— a machine could create your future tattoos. Three French design students modified a MakerBot 3D printer to administer tattoos. One lucky volunteer is now the proud bearer of the world's first 3D-printed tattoo — a perfect circle on his forearm. See also: Artist Turns Your Brainwaves Into 3D-Printed Sculptures Pierre Emm, Piotr Widelka and Johan Da Silveira modified the printer as part of a challenge from France's Cultural Ministry and hosted through design school ENSCI Les Ateliers. For the challenge, the students had eight hours to create a project that remixes images, videos and sounds found in the public domain Read more...More about Design, 3d Printers, Dev And Design, 3d Printing, and Tech

Spring is finally beginning to bloom. The sun is shining, the birds are singing, and you're ready to open your windows and chase away the gray of Winter. The season isn't just for giving your apartment a good scrub, it's also an opportunity to brighten everything with pops of color. Of course, living in a rental can have its drawbacks. How do you express your love for Spring without losing your deposit? See also: 10 Cocktails for Your Spring Buzz Luckily, there are plenty of DIY projects that will keep your walls in tact. Now you can greet the season and make you — and your landlord — happy Read more... More about Lists, Design, Diy, Apartments, and Interior Design

I'm sitting in artist Ion Popian's light-filled Long Island City, N.Y., studio, with a NeuroSky electroencephalogram (EEG) sensor pressing against my temple and forehead. I watch a TV screen, where abstract shapes ripple and mutate in crisp 4K resolution. Behind me, a computer measures my brain activity, mapping it as a 3D model. This model initially looks like a piece of paper, a flat plane. When my brainwaves register concentration in response to the film, a dimple appears in the plane; when they register calm, the surface pushes upward into a peak. "We can't map specific emotions: anger or sadness or happiness," Popian explains. "Instead, we're mapping intensities." Read more...More about Art, Features, Design, Science, and Architecture

Depending on who you listen to, ideas are either bulletproof, cheap, and powerful or like an unmentionable part of your body. Everyone has ideas. Every conference, meetup, hackathon, startup weekend event is filled with people who have ideas but lack the ability to build them. Countless people are trying to raise funding or get a technical co-founder with little more than a few bullet points on a piece of paper. It's pointless. Ideas without execution aren't worth the paper they're written on The difficulty for a lot of people is getting from that idea to something more tangible, and it can seem impossible if you don't have any technical or design skills. But in fact, it's a lot easier than you might think. Using one, or a combination of the tools below will allow you to create a tangible prototype, and build something you can use to show a potential co-founder, colleague, customer or investor what your idea is and how it works Read more...More about Apps, Design, Investors, Prototypes, and Startups

The utility and visual appeal of email design is something that everyone is guilty of overlooking from time to — well, always. From drastically reducing inbox clutter to in-email search, Gmail's innovations have fundamentally changed the way we communicate with each other See also: 10 Gmail Hacks to Help You Master Your Inbox As the most popular email provider in the world turns 10, we thought it fitting to look back on the service from a visual perspective. The resulting gallery is a testament to how much email, and web design in general, has evolved in a decade. Image: Mashable composite. Google. Read more...More about Email, Gmail, Features, Design, and Timeline