The View: Table for one? That appears to be the case for now. Sherri Shepherd, a co-host since 2007, and Jenny McCarthy, who took a seat at the table last September, are both exiting the daytime program, Mashable has confirmed. That leaves Whoopi Goldberg is the only current host set to return for the show's next round The move comes a little more than a month after Barbara Walters' retirement and sign-off from the program. See also: 10 New Summer Series to Keep Your TV Addiction Alive "The View will be moving in an exciting new direction next season, and ABC has made decisions to evolve the show creatively," ABC said in a statement. Read more...More about Tv, Abc, Television, Entertainment, and The View

Students applying to college can now get varsity sports scholarships if they excel at competitive play of League of Legends, proving that video games can help you more in life than your parents ever imagined. Robert Morris University, a school of about 7,000 located in Aurora, Illinois, is offering to cover 50% of tuition and 50% of room and board to recruit students for its competitive League of Legends teams as part of its newly founded esports program, the school announced earlier this week. It's the first U.S. university to offer scholarships for competitive gamers. See also: How One Video Game Became a Million-Dollar Professional Sport Read more...More about Entertainment, Gaming, Esports, Scholarships, and League Of Legends

ANAHEIM, CALIFORNIA — YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki announced a series of new features for both fans and creators at Vidcon on Thursday, including a massive crowd-sourced translation effort, a virtual tip-jar that supports contributions up to $500, direct connections between videos and crowdfunding sites and a mobile app from which YouTubers can manage and monitor their videos. Other new goodies for YouTube creators: An option for up to 60 frames per second (which will make video-game vloggers very happy), a free music and sound-effects library and a system for tagging contributors. SEE ALSO: Vidcon: Where Hollywood Meets the YouTuber Invasion Read more...More about Youtube, Susan Wojcicki, Entertainment, Video, and Vidcon

We heard your post-match snark today, Internet. We heard how you said only in soccer could a loss be a positive development, about how in good ol' American sports such preposterousness would never, ever stand Stop it It's time to get over your hangups, get behind this USMNT and hop fully aboard the World Cup bandwagon What a team to watch. Watch a team love. What team to support. After Thursday's nail-biting, stomach-churning, nerve-grating advancement through Group G into the knockout stage despite falling 1-0 to Germany, let's take stock of what we've seen over the past two weeks, America — and what might be still to come Read more...More about Soccer, World Cup, Entertainment, and Sports

Grace Helbig and Mamrie Hart — stars of YouTube as well as the feature film Camp Takota — are taking their show on the road this summer in #HeyUSA, a travel web series that visits a new city every week, with its stars’ movements driven by fan suggestions on social media. The pair will rely on tweets and comments to figure out where to go and what to do in three weekly videos, as well as tweets, Instagrams and Vines. They’ll also meet up with locals in nearby influencers — and surprise a few superfans along the way. SEE ALSO: Vidcon: Where Hollywood Meets the YouTuber Invasion “Not only do I get to travel the U.S. with my best friend, I get to experience places and things I wouldn't have seen had it not been for the help of our audience,” Helbig said. “It's a modern day choose your own adventure travel series. It's completely interactive so if it sucks it's not our fault! Perfect scenario!” Read more...More about Youtube, Entertainment, Film, Video, and Vidcon

"You ready, Bey?" Jay Z asked Beyoncé at the start of their On the Run tour "Let's go get 'em" she replied during the intro of the power couple's first song, "03' Bonnie & Clyde," on the tour's opening night at Sun Life Stadium in Miami, Florida See also: Jay Z Ranks His 12 Albums From Best to Worst in 1 Photo The duo's 20-city summer tour began this week and it provided quite the visual experience. Here are 10 moments you missed if you didn't have a zillion dollars to spend on a ticket: BONUS: Beyonce Sings 'Survivor' to Terminally Ill Fan to Grant Final Wish Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Tour, Lists, and Photos

Even the best NBA players throw an air ball from time to time It may feel like just yesterday that we were watching the San Antonio Spurs trounce the Miami Heat in their NBA Finals rematch, but it's already time to look ahead to next season. The 2014 NBA Draft takes place Thursday night. See also: NBA Players Face Their Twitter Haters on 'Jimmy Kimmel' With picks being traded like crazy, LeBron James free agency rumors circulating, and one of the most talented draft classes in recent years, a great deal is still up in the air. One thing is for certain, though: Someone will wear a hideous suit to the NBA draft. Read more...More about Fashion, Entertainment, Lists, Style, and Nba

June 26 was officially an unofficial federal holiday for Team USA fans. On Thursday, Team USA faced off against Germany in the last match of Group G in the World Cup, a tense match that determined the U.S. Men's National Team's (USMNT) fate in the rest of the tournament. Team USA head coach Jurgen Klinsmann even gave everyone a permission slip to skip work to watch the match, and looks like most took him up on his offer. See also: Best Loss Ever: USA Advances to World Cup Knockout Round U.S. fans in Brazil that traversed the flooded streets of Recife to reach stadium weren't the only ones who came out in droves to support the USMNT. Back home, fans across the nation crowded plazas and parks, as they do. Read more...More about Soccer, Usa, Team Usa, Entertainment, and Gaming

An advertisement on Brazil's Copacabana Beach is getting more attention than its creators ever intended. The ad, featuring serial football biter Luis Suarez with the words "all or nothing" in Portuguese, has become a popular spot for World Cup fans' selfies. They're looking for photographic evidence that they, too, have been bitten by the soccer star. See also: The 10 Types of World Cup Fans Everyone Knows Suarez, a star player on Uruguay's football team, was given a nine-game suspension and banished for four months on Thursday for biting Italian defender Giorgio Chiellini in the first round of Brazil's World Cup. Read more...More about Advertisements, World Cup, Fifa, Entertainment, and World

Lana Del Rey nabbed the No. 1 spot on the Billboard 200 albums chart this week with her third studio album, Ultraviolence, which dropped on June 17. It beat out fellow album premieres from Sam Smith, Linkin Park, Willie Nelson, Jennifer Lopez and Deadmau5 The 28-year-old artist sold 182,000 copies from June 17 to 22, according to the data from Nielsen SoundScanBillboard notes this is the largest album sales week for a female artist in 2014 and the biggest since Beyoncé's surprise visual album arrived in December See also: Sam Smith Turns Whitney Houston's 'How Will I Know' Into Tender Ballad Del Rey premiered "West Coast" from Ultraviolence at Coachella in April, helping her become the most-mentioned artist on Twitter during the festival's first weekend. Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Billboard, and Lana Del Rey

They watched from office desks, early-morning sports bars, from military bases and living rooms. American soccer fans — the hardcore and bandwagon-riding alike, all worthy in equal measure — gathering far and wide for the USMNT's most anticipated matchup in recent memory. The USA faced fearsome Germany in both teams' final Group G matchup, with a win or a draw guaranteeing the Americans a spot in the World Cup knockout round Ninety minutes after kickoff in rain-soaked Recife, Brazil, those American dreams of advancing came true despite a loss to the Germans. Final score: 1-0, Germany. But a Portugal win over Ghana in Group G's other finale tied the U.S. and Portugal in the group table at four points apiece, gave the USMNT a tie-breaker on goal differential (by three) and put the Americans through Read more...More about Soccer, World Cup, Entertainment, Sports, and Usmnt

UPDATE 1:30 p.m. ET: ESPN confirmed on Twitter that there were some issues with its streaming service on Thursday amid record demand from users during the U.S. World Cup match. CORRECTION: 1.7 million concurrent viewers is across ALL of WatchESPN, not just #USAvsGermany match #WorldCup2014 — Kristie Chong Adler (@KristieESPNPR) June 26, 2014 That came after anxious U.S. soccer fans took to Twitter to voice frustration with the stream of the U.S. match against Germany. An ESPN spokesperson said that the streams peaked at 1.7 million viewers across all its properties, and that it is looking into limited problems due to "unprecedented demand." Read more...More about Streaming Video, Espn, Media, Entertainment, and Tv

The much-anticipated USA vs. Germany World Cup match has so far been a wet one as players trudged through a torrential downpour during the first half. Recife, the match's host city, is located in the northeastern most portion of Brazil, only about 190 miles south of Natal. It has recorded three-quarters of an inch of rain in the past three hours, with the 24-hour rainfall total nudging past four inches. See also: USA vs. Germany: The Ultimate Preview for Today's World Cup Battle The flags of the United States and Germany are seen in the rain before the group G World Cup soccer match between the USA and Germany at the Arena Pernambuco in Recife, Brazil, Thursday, June 26, 2014Image: Hassan Ammar/Associated Press Read more...More about Brazil, World Cup, Entertainment, World, and Sports

I'm standing on the roof of a building in the middle of the night. Below me, framed in bright lights, a man is being beaten to death. The sounds are hard to make out, but he screams as officers surround him, kick his body, tase him. The woman next to me jumps up and down, crying, imploring the officers to stop attacking the man. "He's not resisting!" I'm watching Anastasio Hernandez Rojas die, after he attempted to cross the U.S.-Mexico border in 2010. Rojas had lived in San Diego since he was 14, and had five children there, but had been deported two months prior Except the scene isn't live. Nor is it a video recording. It's somewhere, eerily, in between. It's a virtual reality representation based on real events Read more...More about Media, Entertainment, Gaming, Features, and Tech

Luis Suarez's run in the World Cup is over. FIFA suspended the star Uruguay striker for nine matches and banned him for four months from any soccer-related activity. See also: World Cup Fans Go Rabid for Luis Suarez Bite Memes BREAKING: #URU's Luis Suarez suspended for nine matches and banned for four months from any football-related activity. MORE TO FOLLOW — FIFAWorldCup (@FIFAWorldCup) June 26, 2014 Suarez bit Italian defender Giorgio Chiellini during a heated game in which Uruguay bested Italy to move on to the knockout round of the World Cup. The FIFA Disciplinary Committee found that Suarez had assaulted Chiellini and committed an unsportsmanlike act. The punishment also precludes Suarez from being at the stadium for any of Uruguay's matches during the ban. He has also been fined 100,000 Swiss Francs. Read more...More about World Cup, Fifa, Luis Suarez, Entertainment, and Sports

Summer may typically be known as the Clear Your Netflix Queue season, but those days are long gone. Thanks to a 'round-the-year TV model that networks — broadcast and cable alike — have adopted in recent years, there are a slew of new scripted shows now populating the once barren months of summer. The months that used to only be good for housing reality shows and acting as a dumping ground for unpromising scripted fare. It's a dumping ground no more. (But, yes, there are still reality shows.) See also: It's Season Finale Time; Here's What to Binge-Watch Next So whether you're missing your dramatic favorite, that primetime comedy that you've somehow seen every single episode of because it's the only thing your entire family can watch together, or that reality competition show you only recently admitted to being a fan of, you're saved Read more...More about Netflix, Tv, Television, Summer, and Entertainment

Big Brother's "twistiest" season ever began Wednesday night with a one-hour premiere that, really, should have been two hours. Why? Because introducing just half of the 16 contestants set to enter the home was a cruel tease. But perhaps they were easing viewers into the idea of giving up three hours of their lives a week to the most addicting reality show of the summer Whatever. We're ready See also: When Does 'Big Bang Theory' Return? See CBS's Fall Premiere Dates Here The same can be said about the eight contestants introduced in the season premiere by the ever voluminously haired Julie Chen. You know the first episode drill: A bunch of strangers from all walks of life — and all IQ classifications — mosey into the Big Brother home, form a "we were here first" alliance and quickly proceed to form alliances within that alliance Read more...More about Tv, Cbs, Television, Big Brother, and Reality Tv

Anyone who's watched Orange is the New Black knows binge-watching means sacrificing sleep and healthy fingernails. The nail-biting prison dramedy has us chained to our Netflix accounts, and we couldn't be happier. Mashable worked with Canvs, a social tool tracking the emotions that drive conversation online, to determine the show's top 10 most-loved characters to date See also: Oh, Memories: 25 Songs Used in 'Orange Is the New Black' Season 2 The Canvs team analyzed 3,151 tweets from a sample of 10,000 surrounding OITNB to determine which of Litchfield's finest charmed us the most. (There were 1,434,503 tweets surrounding Orange Is The New Black from its series premiere on July 11, 2013 through two weeks following the release of season 2 on June 15.) Read more...More about Entertainment, Netflix, Pics, Tv, and Television

RIO DE JANEIRO — As the world was judging Uruguay's Luis Suarez for biting a player in the World Cup, his teammates, coaches and fans in his soccer-crazy country defended the star, blaming the foreign media, his Italian opponents and uneven treatment. World Cup organizers scrambled Wednesday to quickly decide on a punishment before Uruguay plays Colombia Saturday in the round of 16. See also: World Cup Fans Go Rabid for Luis Suarez Bite Memes "We have to resolve it either today or tomorrow," FIFA disciplinary panel member Martin Hong told reporters Wednesday. "It's our duty to see justice done." Read more...More about Luis Suarez, Media, Entertainment, 2014 World Cup Brazil, and Sports

Your feelings of overwhelming anticipation mixed with imminent sadness and a yearning to start all over again are completely normal. That's because Thursday is the last day of the World Cup group round. Soon, the brackets will be complete and all the mathematical fun that goes with them will be in the past. The knockout rounds are all business; show up or go home and thus far, only a few teams have truly proven their mettle in the group stages. Yet, four spots in the round of 16 remain. Let's take a look at what you should expect on the last — and arguably most dramatic — day of the group stages. Read more...More about Soccer, Germany, Usa Soccer, Entertainment, and 2014 World Cup Brazil

ANAHEIM, CALIFORNIA — The fifth annual Vidcon is here, and it’s bigger than ever. Get used to reading that. The way things are going, it’s going to be true year after year, with no limit in sight. The annual gathering of online video stars and their fans is expected to attract some 20,000 people to the Disneyland-adjacent Anaheim Convention Center from Thursday through Saturday, the high point of a trend line that’s almost beyond belief. But believe this: Hollywood and corporate America have taken notice, and as attendance and buzz for Vidcon skyrockets, so does their attention. See also: Vidcon: The Latest Videos From 14 Top YouTube Stars in Anaheim Read more...More about Youtube, Online Video, Entertainment, Video, and Vidcon

It's time for Vidcon, the annual gathering of online video stars that started in a Los Angeles hotel basement just five years ago and has exploded into a three-day love fest that this year will attract more than 18,000 fans, creators and industry-types. If you're not a YouTube-obsessed teen and are wondering what all the fuss is about, we've collected a number of the biggest names who will be at the convention in Anaheim, California, from Thursday through Saturday. Check out the very latest videos from some of the biggest stars coming to Vidcon 2014. Do you follow YouTube stars? Who did we miss here? Let us know in the comments. Read more...More about Youtube, Entertainment, Video, and Vidcon

Welcome to Throwback Tunesday, where Mashable amplifies the echoes of music past. With genre trends and throwbacks, we synthesize music and nostalgia. Explaining Chromeo to someone unfamiliar with the band is a tall order. The electro-funk duo’s newest album is titled White Women. Chromeo’s live performance is aesthetically enhanced by keyboards propped up with plastic, high-heeled women’s legs. Dave 1 and P-Thugg pen songs with names like “Bonafide Lovin’ (Tough Guys),” containing lyrics such as, “Never mind an SMS/What you need is a sweet caress.” Think you’ve got it? Think again. The title White Women is a nod to prolific photographer Helmut Newton and his 1976 collection of the same name. Recent single “Jealous (I Ain’t With It)" takes the opposite approach of “Bonafide Lovin'” — it’s written from an underdog’s perspective: "Is it really my fault?/I get a shiver when I see her with those other guys/Wearing the jacket I bought." Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Chromeo, and Throwback Tunesday

Think of a star soccer player, especially a striker, and what negative stereotype comes to mind? Something about taking a dive in the penalty area, perhaps? It's a temptation inherent to the role of being a forward in soccer — the temptation to fool the officials, the only arbiters of reality on the pitch, and the eyes of the world be damned. There is no video replay in soccer. Even the most eagle-eyed referee is going to have to make a split-second decision based purely on his eyesight, and eyesight can be fooled. Feel a defender's hand on your back, time your fall with just the right forward motion, and you might just get lucky and win a near-automatic free goal, ie. a penalty kick Read more...More about Entertainment, 2014 World Cup Brazil, and Sports

RIO DE JANEIRO — The World Cup is the biggest sporting event on Earth — making it, obviously, the biggest soccer event on Earth. For Adidas — still the world's most iconic futebol brand despite a furious push from Nike in recent years — this makes the World Cup a rather humongous deal Adidas sponsors the tournament, and is pulling out all the stops to extend its brand reach, imprint the three stripes in consumers' minds and generally make Brazil 2014 a smash success. Its efforts start at Adidas Posto, a temporary command center and workspace the company has set up at the headquarters of Clube de Regatas do Flamengo, Brazil's most popular professional team, which is located in this glamorous ocean-side city and sponsored by Adidas Read more...More about Soccer, Adidas, World Cup, Entertainment, and Sports

As if the story of Uruguay's Luis Suarez biting Italian defender Giorgio Chiellini during Tuesday's World Cup match couldn't get any stranger, it seems this isn't just an act for which Suarez has been punished before — it may not even be the first time Suarez attempted to bite the exact same player Photos and videos of this prior incident have emerged from the FIFA Confederations Cup, also held in Brazil, almost exactly a year ago on June 30, 2013. Again, Italy played Uruguay, this time in the third-place match At one point in the match, shown in the above photo, Suarez was chasing the ball in front of the Italian goal, then grabbed Chiellini, and appears to be ready to sink his teeth into the Italian's right shoulder Read more...More about Luis Suarez, Entertainment, 2014 World Cup Brazil, Sports, and 2014 World Cup



It's a big week for dudes With Father's Day upon us, and the men of the World Cup getting everyone's hearts racing, the world of viral videos has been keeping pace with current events See also: Eli Lieb's 'Safe In My Hands' Is LGBT Anthem in Allstate's Short Film This week, comedian Jimmy Fallon learned every embarrassing dad dance move from New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Now everyone get up and do the "belt grabber" with us One dog got World Cup fever and showed off some impressive soccer skills. And whenever the Internet is raining dogs, there's bound to be some cats around — just like the prancing feline who made a simple wooden runway into a cat walk Read more...More about Viral Videos, Father S Day, Dogs, Cats, and World Cup

A new animated short film, released this week to coincide with LGBT Pride Month, weaves an emotional tale of one man's quest to find someone who will accept him It's part of Allstate's #OutHoldingHands campaign, anchored on the simple yet meaningful hand-holding gesture and propelled by openly gay singer Eli Lieb's "Safe In My Hands." See also: Bold Music Video Explores Small-Town Gay Romance "I hope that the song, in combination with the film, gives people the strength to be 100 percent their true authentic self and to not be afraid of it," Lieb told Mashable. "And I hope that it just shows that love is love. Love transcends gender, race, sexuality." Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Lgbt, Gay Pride, and Pride Month

American Top 40 radio legend Casey Kasem, who had Parkinson's disease and dementia, died Sunday on Father's Day surrounded by relatives and close friends at 3:23 a.m. PT at St. Anthony's Hospital in Gig Harbor, Washington, Mashable has confirmed. Kasem was 82 "Even though we know he is in a better place and no longer suffering, we are heartbroken," Kerri Kasem, his daughter from his first marriage with Linda Myers, wrote on Facebook. "Thank you for all your love, support and prayers. The world will miss Casey Kasem, an incredible talent and humanitarian; we will miss our Dad." See also: 'Brady Bunch' Star Ann B. Davis Dies at 88 After Fall in Home Read more...More about Music, Radio, Death, Entertainment, and Casey Kasem

Everything is a little different down in Brazil. Samba and soccer rule the cultural imagination. Politics are rather more sharply drawn, as is the clash between wealth and poverty. The water rotates in the opposite direction when you flush. And topsy-turvey upsets, huge, dramatic reversals of fortune, can strike at any time. Brazil learned that lesson the hard way back in 1950, when it last hosted a World Cup and made it to the final, only to be outdrawn by its tiny neighbor, long-time rival and first World Cup winner, Uruguay. On Saturday, in a moment of sweet revenge for Brazil, Uruguay learned that lesson on Brazilian soil, suffering a shock 3-1 defeat to CONCAF minnows Costa Rica Read more...More about Entertainment, 2014 World Cup Brazil, and Sports

MANAUS, Brazil — Back in 2013, before this summer's World Cup groups and match-ups had been set, England manager Roy Hodgson called Manaus "ideally the place to avoid." That triggered a touchy response from the mayor of this isolated jungle city of more than 1.5 million residents. Hodgson backtracked on his comments, deeming them irrelevant in a press conference at Arena da Amazonia Friday But after England's opening game against Italy Saturday, it seems Hodgson was right all along See also: Humans of the World Cup: Match Day in Manaus Mario Balotelli headed home the game-winning goal. Wayne Rooney remained a World Cup goal-scoring virgin. The masses of Brazilians in the stands aligned themselves firmly behind the Azzurri, and England lost the much-anticipated match by 2-1, setting up a must-win date with Uruguay on Thursday in São Paulo Read more...More about Soccer, World Cup, Entertainment, and Sports

Nintendo isn’t done with the Wii U, yet. That’s the message we heard repeated from Shigeru Miyamoto, the company’s senior director and creator of many beloved franchises like Super Mario Bros, The Legend of Zelda and Pikmin. Although the company has seen struggling sales from the Wii U, it spent E3 pushing harder than ever on the console with first-party content, with both new takes on favorite franchises and a couple of new ideas. See also: 'Splatoon' Brightens Up Nintendo's Wii U Lineup With Multi-Player Madness Mashable sat down with Miyamoto, who now oversees several projects at the company as well as advising teams of younger developers. He shared his insights on the Wii U, the 3DS, and his current thoughts on the games climate. Read more...More about Entertainment, Gaming, Shigeru Miyamoto, and E3 2014

MANAUS, Brazil — Hours before England and Italy kicked off their crucial Group D showdown, the area surrounding Arena da Amazonia in this city in the heart of the jungle was a cauldron bubbling with joy, laughter, smiles and anticipation in myriad languages Despite sticky humidity and a sweltering afternoon sun, soccer fans drank, ate, and took photos of themselves and one another in anticipation of the first 2014 World Cup match in Manaus See also: Rumble in the Jungle: England, Italy Set for Epic Clash in Manaus England and Italy fans made the trek from Europe to support their sides. Local Brazilians, with and without match tickets, celebrated the atmosphere as well. Other fans from countries not even in the World Cup also soaked up the atmosphere and pledged allegiances of their own Read more...More about Brazil, Soccer, World Cup, Entertainment, and World

Leftover raindrops dripped off the tent covering Ed Sheeran as he melodically hypnotized fans Friday night with "All of the Stars" from the romantic drama The Fault In Our Stars The outdoor show on Ellis Island, New York, provided concertgoers with stunning views and equally stunning performances from the English singer-songwriter. Lights from the Empire State Building and One World Trade Center glowed in the distance beyond Sheeran. Ferries floated along the Hudson River and airplanes glided above the city skyline. See also: Ed Sheeran Debuts 'Sing' Music Video Exclusively on Facebook "I found it funny Ed didn't notice the skyline view until halfway through the show," 21-year-old Megan Krezman, who flew in from California as a radio contest winner, told Mashable Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, New York City, Concert, and Ed Sheeran

For most of my time at E3, I roamed the showroom floor. Sometimes, I ducked into a closed-door demo; other times, I tested out indie creations with developers explaining their concepts. The whole experience was loud. Overwhelming. Chaotic. So when I sat down in a nearly empty room for an hour to play The Witness, the highly anticipated sophomore game from Jonathan Blow, the first thing that struck me was the quiet. This is a game of patience and focus See also: E3 2014: The Games We Really Want to Play Image: The WitnessTo begin, there’s no guide or text to explain your goals when you drop into this world. No wisecracking companion, and not even a thought bubble from my character. For about 20 seconds, I wondered if this game was going to be too opaque, too abstract for my mental state at the time. Then, I was nonverbally presented with the controls in the shortest, simplest tutorial I’ve ever seen, and released into the game Read more...More about Video Games, E3, Entertainment, Gaming, and Apps Software

(function(d, s, id) {var js,ijs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(d.getElementById(id))return;js=d.createElement(s);js.id=id;js.src="//embed.scribblelive.com/widgets/embed.js";ijs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, ijs);}(document, 'script', 'scrbbl-js'));Welcome to Mashable's liveblog of World Cup 2014's first and most highly-anticipated meeting of former World Cup winners. (Okay, yes, Italy won it four times and England is just on the one — for now). Roy Hodgson's England play Cesare Prandelli's Italy at 6 p.m. ET Saturday, and we'll be right here talking about the match starting at 5:30 p.m. ET. At stake: a vital lead in a World Cup group of death. Read more...More about Italy, World Cup, England, Entertainment, and 2014 World Cup Brazil

MANAUS, Brazil — After arrival in this remote metropolis surrounded by jungle, you quickly sense only the thinnest of margins separates the real Manaus from the idyllic, festive World Cup bubble FIFA and the Brazilian government have improbably concocted, accessible only by boat or airplane Arena da Amazonia is the nearly $300 million dollar stadium that three workers died building; it will go mostly unused after hosting four tournament matches. The side streets immediately adjacent to it are jubilantly decorated. What would be drab and dirty pavement and sidewalks are painted in the Brazilian flag's vibrant blue, green and yellow as plastic streamers flutter overhead. Banners welcome visitors in three languages Read more...More about Soccer, World Cup, Entertainment, and Sports

If you're a World Cup newcomer, or a skeptical holdout looking for reasons to jump into this tournament the rest of the world seems to be embracing, you're in luck. Friday offered a trio of highly entertaining games with goals aplenty, several more outrageous referee calls, and one of history's greatest upsets. It was the World Cup equivalent of a welcome mat The roster began with Mexico versus Cameroon, in the driving rain of Natal — a foreshadowing of what is to come in this tropical climate. This was World Cup as water sport. We were treated to the sight of world-class players charging around in soaked-through kits, often unable to connect to the ball on a pitch that acted as a slip and slide Read more...More about World Cup, Entertainment, 2014 World Cup Brazil, and Sports

Yo, Aaron Paul, please stop turning on everyone's Xbox consoles. The Breaking Bad star's commercial for Microsoft's Xbox One has apparently been interacting with Xbox One owners in real life. See also: Xbox One Ups Its App Ante With Vine, Twitter, HBO Go In the ad, Paul uses some of the Xbox Kinect's voice commands, such as "Xbox on." When an Xbox One owner with a Kinect sensor says this, the device turns on. And, apparently, when Paul says it in the commercial, the Xbox thinks someone in the room said it, and turns on. HAHAHA omg@aaronpaul_8 just turned my Xbox One via the Xbox advert. (Which triggered the IR blaster to switch my TV off..) Amazing. — Qassim (@DrW_Qass) June 12, 2014 Read more... More about Microsoft, Xbox, Entertainment, Gaming, and Breaking Bad

Samantha, the artificially intelligent operating system, wasn't the only impressive tech in Spike Jonze's Her. Joaquin Phoenix's character plays a futuristic video game in the film that is now, in a way, coming to life. The animator and designer of the fictional game, David OReilly, announced the release of his first indie game — Mountain — at the Horizon Indie Game Conference at E3 on Thursday. See also: 8 Breathtaking Indie Games Stealing Hearts at E3 Known as a "mountain simulator," OReilly explained that when players start the game, they are first asked to draw pictures based on a series of open-ended questions. Based on their answers to those questions, the game will create a unique mountain for the player to trek. These images will also affect other variables such as snowfall levels, types of vegetation and the terrain. Read more...More about Entertainment, Gaming, Indie Games, Her, and Indie Gaming

Have you ever imagined what it would be like to fulfill a dream you've had for 10 years, only to see that dream exceed your wildest expectations? That's what Chris Ashton, cofounder of Turtle Rock Studios and design director for Evolve, a monster-hunting multi-player game. Ashton and others from the Evolve team previously developedLeft 4 Dead, a 4-player zombie survival co-op game that became a hit back in 2008. But even before Left 4 Dead hit the scene, Ashton and his friends had a dream idea for a game they hadn't yet realized. See also: 9 Video Games You Can Beat in Under 10 Hours "If you've ever played any games at all, you've probably played a game where there was a boss monster at the end and you fought it," Ashton said. "What we wanted to do with Evolve was we wanted to fight that boss monster with our buddies, and then we figured out one of our buddies could even be the boss monster." Read more...More about Video Games, E3, Entertainment, Gaming, and Apps Software

Independent games made their mark on E3 this year, from the surprise hits of major press conferences to the titles stealing hearts on the show room floor. It’s impossible to not admire the passion these designers and developers have for their work While strong emotions and technical skill were on display in spades, the 2014 crop of indies was certainly noteworthy for the depth and breadth of art styles. Attendees got to see a range of visually unique and creative games These are eight of the independent games that showed just how much artistry and beauty an independent game creator can share See also: Why Indie Game Devs Thrive Without Big Publishers Read more...More about Artwork, Entertainment, Gaming, Indie Games, and Indie Gaming

Fans of Lauren Oliver's cult YA series Delirium will soon get to see the show that they thought was forever lost in the network pilot graveyard. Hulu today released a trailer for the pilot, starring Emma Roberts, which the service will stream exclusively for 30 days starting June 20. SEE ALSO: MTV's 'Finding Carter' Trailer Has Drama, Tears — and Wesley from 'Buffy' For those unfamiliar: The book is about a girl who falls in love with a boy (The Secret Life of the American Teenager alum Daren Kagasoff) just before she's set to get a "cure" for love, which, in the time when the book is set, is considered a disease and referred to as "deliria." Read more...More about Tv, Hulu, Entertainment, Ya, and Delirium

Survey says: Hodor. Jimmy Kimmel Live imagined how Game of Thrones character Hodor would fare on the classic game show Family Feud. The simple, lovable bannerman ends up with a pretty predictable score — because Hodor. See also: If 'Game of Thrones' Were Written From Hodor's Perspective He may have lost out on big money, but at least Hodor has carrying clairvoyant preteens through the woods to fall back on. BONUS: Boo, You Bastard: 'Game of Thrones' Mixes Seamlessly With 'Mean Girls' Read more... More about Viral Videos, Videos, Entertainment, Tv, and Game Of Thrones

Mary Steenburgen is going to serve time on Orange is the New Black Season 3, Mashable confirms. Steenburgen, whose most recent TV gigs included parts on Justified and Wilfred, broke the news on Twitter but failed to clarify whether she'd actually be serving time as an inmate, only teasing coyly, "Will I be in orange or black?" SEE ALSO: Mashable's Orange Is the New Black recaps Very excited to go to my first wardrobe fitting of OITNB! Will I be in orange or black?:) — Mary Steenburgen (@MarySteenburgen) June 12, 2014   Orange Is the New Black's second season debuted on Netflix just last week, and season 3 is currently in production. Read more...More about Netflix, Tv, Television, Entertainment, and Orange Is The New Black

Big gaming companies Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo premiered some amazing new games and consoles at this week's E3 conference. Gamers fawned over amiibos, Playstation TV, and a completely remastered Halo collection. See also: Nintendo's King Boo Terrorizes E3 Other gamers, though, took to the conference to relive their old favorites. Gaming nostalgia was in full-force this week — and we're not just talking about Pac-Man being added to the Smash Bros. roster. Lamarr Wilson took some time to seek out our favorite old-school video game consoles like the Sega Master System and the Power Glove. Check out the video above to see what else he found. Read more...More about Microsoft, Playstation, Nintendo, Xbox, and E3

The first day of the World Cup was but an appetizer: the opening ceremony and just one match, won relatively easily by overwhelming favorite Brazil after the host country gave up a cringeworthy own goal to Croatia, the first score of the tournament. On Friday, we really get cookin'. SEE ALSO: How to Watch the 2014 World Cup The duration of the World Cup will consist of three to four matches per day, and there are some doozies on tap as we get rolling into the weekend, with Mexico, Spain and Australia springing into action. Group A: Brazil's group continues on Friday as Mexico takes on Cameroon beginning at 12 p.m. ET. Mexico, probably Brazil's most dangerous challenger in the group, is ranked No. 19 in the world; Cameroon is No. 50. Read more...More about Brazil, Soccer, World Cup, Fifa, and Entertainment

What's worse than a dad dancing? Two dads dancing. Jimmy Fallon and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie prove this point with a short history of typical dad dance floor moves See also: Jennifer Lopez Challenges Jimmy Fallon to a Tight Pants Competition All the classics are there: the "belt grabber," the "dance you do at a Springsteen concert" (a Christie favorite), and, of course, the "Republican Convention." This isn't the first Evolution of Dad Dancing, though. Jimmy Fallon already did it once — alone — in 2012. So if you think any moves are missing from the video above, watch the other one here. video. Read more...More about Jimmy Fallon, Entertainment, Tv, Videos, and Chris Christie

"Everything is different the second time around," sings Regina Spektor during the opening credits of Orange Is the New Black — just like the show's music in Season 2. Her "You’ve Got Time" theme song, written specifically for Netflix's prison comedy series, sets the tone for every episode. But this sophomore season showcased even more spectacular song selections that added emotional power to certain scenes. See also: Netflix Creates 'Flappy Bird' Clone for 'Orange Is the New Black' Season 2 In the first episode, when imprisoned lead character Piper Chapman had no clue why guards put her on a plane or where she was going, Andrew Bird's instrument-laden "Pulaski at Night" kicked in just as handcuffed Piper saw the Chicago skyline from her airplane seat. "Come back to Chicago, city of, city of light," Bird belts in a nonchalant, half-glass-empy fashion. Read more...More about Music, Netflix, Tv, Streaming Tv, and Entertainment

"No one ever said on her death bed, 'I wish I'd spent more time on Facebook,'" says attorney and media correspondent Lisa Bloom A more likely scenario: regret that she didn't do more to save her grandchildren from rising carbon dioxide levels, because she was too busy scrolling her News Feed and flipping through Us Weekly. Bloom believes Western society's current preoccupation with trivial celebrity gossip and insipid social media — and the time we waste with it — will be its downfall. As our fascination for easy entertainment increases, our investment in global affairs decreases. In particular, women should do more to fight climate change; it is a uniquely women's issue, she says. They are innately suited to battle climate problems, some would argue better than men. Read more...More about Entertainment, Climate Change, Features, Women, and Gender

CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, and SÃO PAULO, Brazil — Electrifying players and crazy drama are all part of the World Cup — but what really makes this thing go is the fans En route from San Francisco to Manaus this week, your humble reporter got to see many smiling faces full of hope, optimism and good cheer heading to Brazil to root on their favorite teams. The Charlotte and São Paulo airports, in particular, served as impromptu United Nations of fans, jerseys and national team apparel See also: Dispatches From the Amazon: How Manaus Rang in the World Cup But among the diversity everyone shared one thing: A love of soccer and excitement about the month ahead. So, before hopes are dashed and dreams deferred, here are 11 shots of soccer pilgrims making the trek to Brazil. Who knows? Some of them may even head home with a World Cup title to boast about Read more...More about Soccer, World Cup, Entertainment, and Sports

MANAUS, Brazil — The air horns became overbearing about an hour before kickoff. They bleated from the hands of men zipping across town on scooters. They blared from bus stops where women in short shorts and Brazil jerseys tapped their feet. Small children honked them while scurrying around adult legs The din got louder toward one place: the Praia do Ponta Negra, a beach and park on the banks of the Rio Negro in this humid city in the middle of the Amazon jungle, where massive screens broadcast Brazil vs. Croatia from São Paulo in the opening match of the 2014 World Cup. The masses — decked out in yellow and green jerseys, similarly colored wigs, joker hats and other accessories — streamed toward Ponta Negra by the hundreds as the match's 4 p.m. kickoff approached Read more...More about Soccer, World Cup, Entertainment, and Sports