If there's one prevailing complaint about Google Glass, it's that it looks weird on your face. People get freaked out when they're talking to someone who has a noticeable camera attached to their eyewear. But in recent months, the company has made moves for the wearable tech to appear more fashionable — especially now that it's available to everyone. It announced a collaboration with fashion designer Diane von Furstenberg earlier this month, and in March, announced one with Luxottica (the parent company of Ray-Ban and Oakley). See also: Google Glass Can Now Empty Your Wallet When You Nod Starting on June 23, the Glass website will begin offering five new frames and eight new shades. But before you rush to buy a pair, watch our video above. As it turns out, they're not that easy to assemble (and hair-flipping lessons are not included in the cost of the frames). Read more...More about Google, Fashion, Tech, Dev Design, and Videos

A gorgeous gown can make you feel as beautiful as a rose — especially if it's literally made of rose petals. Business student and fashion illustrator Grace Ciao finds her design inspiration from nature. Ciao creates unique and totally wearable fashions by pressing real petals onto model illustrations without the use of ink, watercolor or pencil. See also: 10 Fresh Apps for Fashion Enthusiasts The blooming creations celebrate every color and curve that you can find in nature — something a lot of women would love to see walking down the runway. More of Ciao's sketches can be seen on Instagram or on her website Read more...More about Fashion, Photography, Flower, Watercooler, and Pics

Instagram is filled with a bounty of booty, but not all butt selfies are treated equal. Meghan Tonjes, a video blogger and musician who is very vocal about body positivity, Instgrammed a photo of her own rear end (in modest black briefs) with the caption "booty appreciation #honormycurves #effyourbeautystandards." She later received an email from Instagram stating that her image had been flagged as offensive due to the site's nudity rules. See also: It's Okay to Be 'Fat In Public,' Declares Body-Positive Blog With no other way of contesting Instagram's decision privately, Tonjes recorded her eloquent response, entitled "Dear Instagram," on YouTube (watch above). Read more...More about Fashion, Viral Videos, Body Image, Instagram, and Watercooler

Japanese apparel maker Uniqlo is no stranger to integrating technology into its unique marketing campaigns. But a new promotion goes several steps further by allowing consumers to design their own clothes, using a smartphone app. See also: Tumblr Founder David Karp Stars in Uniqlo Ad Campaign [VIDEO] Dubbed UTme!, the app enables users to take a photo, type text or draw a design, then have that design uploaded to the Uniqlo website, and placed on a shirt they can purchase for 1,990 yen (about $20). Image: Uniqlo But if a simple image or text message is too pedestrian for your tastes, the app has another function that lets the user shake their smartphone to randomly apply additional effects. Rather than offering potentially cheesy visual elements, the effects inject distinct design flourishes that give even the simplest graphics a touch of professional-looking artistry. Read more...More about Fashion, Apps, Japan, Design, and Smartphones

Great day for laundry haters; bad day for germophobes The CEO of Levi Strauss & Co., Chip Bergh, discussed fashion and sustainability at Fortune's Brainstorm Green conference on Tuesday, claiming that jeans do not need to be washed; the pair he donned during the conference, he said, had "yet to see a washing machine" in the past year See also: 10 Online Shops for Sustainable Wares And who are we to doubt the messiah of boot cut? After all, Tuesday marks the 141st birthday of Levi's 501 jeans "We are the ultimate in sustainable apparel," Bergh said. "If you buy [our jeans] they will last a lot longer than most people's waistlines will." Read more...More about Fashion, Green, Sustainability, Levis, and Business

Not all nerds want to hide away in their basements this summer. While video games, air conditioned movie theaters and Netflix marathons have their perks, there are still plenty who are dying to have some fun in the sun. Before you pack up your beach towel and head to the beach, you need the perfect swimwear to show everyone just how cultured you really are. Whether you're taking a walk on the beach as Artoo or surfing some waves like Batman, you have to let your nerd flag fly. See also: 21 Neckties for Every Type of Nerd It's time to get out of the house and enjoy the sunshine. You don't have to compromise your loyalty to the fandom to do it. Just remember to bring sunscreen. Read more...More about Fashion, Lists, Summer, Geeky, and Nerds

The sun is out, the flowers are blooming and you've been working out for months to look your best. You know what that means — it's hoodie season. At least, it is if you're Mark Zuckerberg, king of hoodies. The Facebook CEO turns 30 years old Wednesday, so we compiled a fashion guide worthy of his reading list See also: A Hand-Drawn History of Facebook The hoodie is a staple of fashionable techie closets, as necessary to a wardrobe as blue jeans, black turtlenecks and semi-ironic calculator watches. Exotic, mysterious, zippable — hoodies are so in right now. Unfortunately, not many truly understand the subtlety of hoodie fashion. If we've learned anything from Zuckerberg, it's that hoodie wearing isn't all just "zip up when cold" or "unzip when hot." Believing so could be the difference between success or failure in the startup world. Read more...More about Fashion, Facebook, Features, Humor, and Watercooler

A few simple clothing upgrades is all you need this spring, dudes. So if the very word "fashion" makes you break into a cold sweat, don't worry. Warmer weather means it's time to ditch those heavy sweaters and jeans and break out the bright colors and cool fabrics. We've done thorough research to both keep you cool and make you look cool this season, picking out four of the easiest upgrades every guy — yes, even you — can make this spring See also: Internet Balks at Supposed New Style Trend: '#normcore' With a little help from men's fashion subreddit, r/malefashionadvice, you can step up your shoe game, your shorts game and your shirt game with these spring-focused tips Read more...More about Fashion, Pics, Style, Spring, and Watercooler

Celebrities and fashion journalists weren't the only ones to add shimmer to the Met Gala red carpet on Monday night. Photographer Brandon Stanton, the man behind viral sensation Humans of New York (HONY), attended the glamorous event, which took place at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. Logging more than 4.9 million Facebook fans, HONY publishes portraits of New Yorkers who Stanton typically meets on the street. He pairs each photograph with touching, revelatory and often inspiring quotes, which he gathers by interviewing his subjects. See also: 14 Stunning Photographs That Bridge Past and Present Read more...More about Fashion, New York, Celebrities, Photography, and Entertainment

Guys, have you ever had one of those mornings when nothing seems to go right? You attempt to shave your neck-beard, but your dull razor leaves your bathroom looking like a murder scene. Then after getting ready, you realize your shirt is wrinkly, your sweater is fuzzy, your shoes stink, your belt no longer fits and you're suddenly aware that your tie is seven years out of fashion. See also: 25 Simple Ways to Vastly Improve Your Life Don't worry, we've got your back bro. All of these problems can easily be solved with a shower beer, and a few DIY tricks that every man should know. Read more... More about Fashion, Lists, Diy, Man, and Men

The Kentucky Derby gallops into Louisville on Saturday, May 3. So prepare for Instagram pics full of lavender bermuda shorts, Vine videos spilling with champagne and more fascinators than you can throw up in The event comes mere weeks after Coachella 2014, the bohemian, flower-strewn musical utopia — or the sweaty desert sandstorm that just happens to have music, depending on your point of view See also: 10 Weirdest Things for Sale on eBay In truth, the two crowds couldn't be more different. In the east, you'll find ladies clad in pearls, platform shoes and Lilly Pulitzer prints. In the west, it's ironic snapbacks and a joint your brother hid in the crotch of his boxer briefs Read more...More about Fashion, Entertainment, Features, Kentucky Derby, and Music

Friday marked the 140th annual Kentucky Derby, a two-day horse racing event filled with gambling, mint juleps and the largest hats you could possibly imagine. The derby started in the 1870s as a regal affair, in which women dressed to the nines with matching accessories. As women's fashion got louder in the '60s, the hats at the event became the over-the-top, signature accessory known today. See also: 12 Southern Recipes Fit for Kentucky Derby, Y'all It's considered good luck to wear a hat to the Kentucky Derby, but it has more-so become a tradition that simply allows women and men to dress up. Like a giant, themed tailgate party, with the potential to win money. Read more...More about Fashion, Pics, Lists, Style, and Kentucky Derby

The stereotype: a flock of women enter the mall for a day of shopping and fitting room fun. Throughout the day, they piece together celeb-worthy looks inspired by their favorite trends found on Pinterest, purchase accessories they spotted on Polyvore, and Instagram their new style with a solid #selfie. When it comes to men, it’s a different shopping story. A solo one. And one that’s often filled with doubt. “I’ve talked to so many guys who say they typically walk into a store, see what’s on a mannequin, and say, ‘I want that,’” says Derian Baugh, CEO of Men’s Style Lab, a Des Moines, Iowa-based personal shopping service for guys that sends expertly chosen outfits directly to their doorsteps. “They just don’t have an idea of how to put separate items together to make a really great looking outfit.” Read more...More about Fashion, Apps, Pursuit, Virtual Fitting Room, and Menswear

Like many in the fashion industry, designer Victoria Beckham is all over social media. She can't get enough of Instagram and its abundance of stylish photos. And as a former Spice Girl and full-time fashion designer who fancies listening to music while working, Beckham pairs her Instagram obsession with a few music apps "I always check Instagram, and for music I use Spotify and Pandora," Beckham, who celebrated her 40th birthday in Los Angeles last week, told Mashable. See also: 10 Fresh Apps for Fashion Enthusiasts In a recent interview, we asked her about her fashion brand, who's trendy in tech, and her Skype partnership, aimed at exploring the intersection of the tech and creative industries. Read more...More about Fashion, Skype, Social Media, Sheryl Sandberg, and Instagram

The state of wearables seems to be divided into two contrasting design ideas: the visible and the subtle. On one side, wearable tech is futuristic and cool, and the design of objects should reflect that. At the other end of the spectrum, "Glassholes" are very real, so subtlety is key. See also: Lifelogging: The Most Miserable, Self-Aware 30 Days I've Ever Spent For those of us slightly embarrassed by our more techie side, there are plenty of concealed wearables on the market and in production now. These devices give you all the lifelogging and data tracking abilities of their more visible peers, but aren't readily identifiable to the untrained eye. Read more...More about Fashion, Features, Data, Wearables, and Wearable Tech

Now anyone can get a feel for what it's like to be Miranda Priestly, the infamous fashion diva from the film The Devil Wears Prada. A new crowd-powered fashion website wants to simultaneously give designers a safe place for experimentation and consumers a venue for their opinions. See also: Every Time Barney Stinson Wore a Suit in 'How I Met Your Mother' Crowdemand, which launched Tuesday, uses similar methods as Kickstarter to connect designers directly with their customers. Designers will post their work on the site and during a two-week campaign period consumers will pre-order the items they want Read more...More about Fashion, Crowdsourced, Consumer, Designer, and Kickstarter

"Fashion is just concerned with what's happening in the next five minutes," British designer Suzanne Lee says in The Next Black, an upcoming documentary about the future of the fashion industry. "The time frames for thinking and making stuff happen have gotten shorter and shorter and shorter." For the companies and designers profiled in The Next Black, the minute-by-minute approach to designing and producing clothing is no longer sustainable. Instead, these particular industry pioneers are playing the long game — and that game involves tech. See also: The Future of Fashion Is Code, Not Couture, Says Designer Read more...More about Fashion, Films, Documentary, Technology, and Features

Hey Reddit, do these pants make us look fat? The front page of the Internet is more than just presidential AMAs and discussions about horse-sized ducks. It has also become a great place to go for those seeking fashion help. See also: 7 Reddit AMAs That Went Horribly Wrong From tips on color coordination to style overviews, Reddit is a great place to go if you're looking for a new style. While the most well-known fashion subreddit, /r/MaleFashionAdvice receives its fair share of ridicule for being a bit, let's say, predictable, there are plenty of other smaller communities that aren't as daunting. Read more...More about Reddit, Fashion, Social Media, Features, and Clothing

Designer Francis Bitonti's Brooklyn studio is an airy space filled with dress forms and lacquered desks piled with books. At first, it looks every bit the traditional atelier. But then you notice a cluster of MakerBots, each glowing purple and constantly printing, fed by spools of filament. Intricate 3D-printed models cover the tables: bowls that look like branches, sculptures like ice crystals, tiny, gemlike cubes. This is the future of fashion, according to Bitonti. 3D printers are giving way to a new aesthetic in haute couture: algorithmic garments and accessories that proudly display their origins in tech Read more...More about Fashion, Art, Features, Business, and Tech

Most beauty ads are packed with so much Photoshop and fake eyelashes that the idea of any cosmetics brand asking a model to remove her makeup seems a little absurd. But for a brand that offers corrective cosmetics for people with tattoos and skin conditions, it makes perfect sense. The high performance cosmetic brand isn't here to make you beautiful, but rather, you are beautiful. That's the message Dermablend is promoting in a campaign of inspirational ads called "Camo Confessions," in which consumers share their story of how the cosmetic lines helps them feel more comfortable with themselves Read more...More about Fashion, Advertising, Viral Videos, Marketing, and Videos

Nothing suits How I Met Your Mother's Barney Stinson like a suit, as evidenced in this montage of every suit he's worn during the show's nine-season run. Set to the music of "Nothing Suits Me Like a Suit," the video (above) from UrbanDaddy's men's style site Kempt speeds through Barney's fashion choices in less than three minutes. See also: 'How I Met Your Mother' Kids Kept Show's Ending Secret for 9 Years "I sure do love wearing amazing suits all of the time," Neil Patrick Harris, who plays Barney, said in a recent behind-the-scenes CBS video. "I don't even have to choose them. I just go into my dressing room and they're just hanging." Read more...More about Fashion, Entertainment, Tv, How I Met Your Mother, and Barney Stinson

Because who wouldn't want excrement emojis embroidered onto their fancy Italian loafers? Moda Operandi, an online boutique that directly links customers to designers, has released an exclusive collection that will have everyone chattering in ideographic form. The inspiration behind it? Emojis. The new collection, called "M'oticons," is a collaboration between legendary Del Torro shoemaker and designer label Edie Parker See also: Internet Balks at Supposed New Style Trend: '#normcore' In addition to the poo shoes — which are dubbed, no kidding, "#theshit" — the slipper line also features lipstick and high heel emojis (#highmaintenance), the dancing and castle emojis (#dancingqueen), and the queen and bee emojis (#queenbee). You can also buy a matching clutch to go with your slippers. Read more...More about Fashion, Style, Emoji, Watercooler, and Pics

After months of speculation about which company Google might tap to produce more fashionable versions of Glass, the tech giant finally announced a partnership with Luxottica on Monday. As the parent company of Ray-Ban and Oakley, Luxottica will work with Google to introduce Glass devices that incorporate the styles of the two well-known eyewear brands See also: Google Goes Mythbusting About Google Glass Pairing Ray-Ban, an American classic, with Glass could help the device attract less tech-oriented consumers in the U.S. market. For their part, tech enthusiasts will likely be excited by potential Glass devices from Oakley, a brand known for its futuristic designs Read more...More about Google, Fashion, Style, Ray Ban, and Wearables

During the week, we consume words in snackable, tweetable bites. But on the weekends, we have the time to take a dive into the murkier, lengthier depths of the Internet and expand our attention spans beyond 140 characters. We can brew a cup of coffee and lie back with our iPads, laptops, smartphones and Kindles. Since you're bound to miss a few things during the daily grind, we present to you, in our weekly installation of Mashable Must Reads, a curated list of can't-miss stories from around the web to read and reflect on. (You can find last week's must reads here). A Mad World | Aeon A diagnosis of mental illness is more common than ever, which begs the question: Did psychiatrists create the problem, or just start recognizing it? Joseph Pierre, a professor of psychiatry, argues the latter — that more ways are being found to treat real problems. After all, while it may be growing more frequent, mental illness is still very much brushed under the rug. Your boss doesn’t react in quite the same way to an email about the flu as he might to an email about a schizophrenic episode. Read more...More about Fashion, Startups, Taskrabbit, Drugs, and Us World

It's finally safe to say — Kim Kardashian and Kanye West have made it If the millions of dollars and fame weren't enough proof that the duo were the new Hollywood "it" couple, Kardashian and West grace the cover of Vogue's April 2014 issue. It's a feat few imagined could happen See also: Kanye West's 'Bound 2' Video Reveals a NSFW Kim Kardashian Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour was reportedly a critic of the reality TV show star, and supposedly had banned Kardashian from the 2012 Met Ball and cropped her out of images featured in the magazine Rumors later started surfacing of West trying to "court" Wintour to have his finance featured in Vogue Read more...More about Fashion, Kanye West, Vogue, Kim Kardashian, and Business

Rock star Mick Jagger mourned the death of his longtime girlfriend, fashion designer L'Wren Scott, in a short yet emotional letter on Facebook and his website on Tuesday, just one day after she was found dead of an apparent suicide in her New York City apartment. "I am still struggling to understand how my lover and best friend could end her life in this tragic way," Jagger wrote about 49-year-old Scott in his online message. "We spent many wonderful years together and had made a great life for ourselves." See also: Watch Taylor Swift and Mick Jagger Sing 'As Tears Go By' A couple since the early 2000s, Jagger and Scott attended fashion shows and red-carpet events together. Scott had her own fashion line since 2006, and she most recently launched a collection for Banana Republic last year. Banana Republic was among the social-media accounts that paid tribute to Scott's life on Monday. Read more...More about Fashion, Us, Death, The Rolling Stones, and Entertainment