Grace Helbig and Mamrie Hart — stars of YouTube as well as the feature film Camp Takota — are taking their show on the road this summer in #HeyUSA, a travel web series that visits a new city every week, with its stars’ movements driven by fan suggestions on social media. The pair will rely on tweets and comments to figure out where to go and what to do in three weekly videos, as well as tweets, Instagrams and Vines. They’ll also meet up with locals in nearby influencers — and surprise a few superfans along the way. SEE ALSO: Vidcon: Where Hollywood Meets the YouTuber Invasion “Not only do I get to travel the U.S. with my best friend, I get to experience places and things I wouldn't have seen had it not been for the help of our audience,” Helbig said. “It's a modern day choose your own adventure travel series. It's completely interactive so if it sucks it's not our fault! Perfect scenario!” Read more...More about Youtube, Entertainment, Film, Video, and Vidcon

This is the Star Wars cast photo we're looking for. With shooting of J.J. Abrams' Star Wars: Episode VII well under way, Lego reimagines the already iconic black-and-white cast photo entirely in bricks and minifigures. Mini Carrie Fischer, Harrison Ford and even Artoo are ready to get to work. See also: Nobody Puts R2 in the Corner: 13 Hilarious Reactions to the 'Star Wars' Cast Picture Image: LucasfilmThis year, Lego is celebrating it's 15th anniversary of Lego Star Wars and will be producing new themed sets in August. You've met the actors, now meet the Minifigure cast of @starwars Episode VII! #LEGOStarWars #StarWarsVII pic.twitter.com/Eppr3zVexF — LEGO (@LEGO_Group) June 25, 2014 Read more... More about Twitter, Entertainment, Movies, Social Media, and Lego

Tortured with tracker jacker venom, a brainwashed Peeta stands beside President Coriolanus Snow during an address to Panem citizens in the first teaser video for The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 1, the upcoming third movie in the popular film franchise Snow calmly but sternly warns the fictional nation that resisting the Capitol's orders and beliefs will not end well for rebels. Peeta, who was captured along with Johanna and Enobaria during the chaotic Quarter Quell rescue plan while Katniss and company escaped, looks off into the distance before staring blankly at the audience at Snow's final word Read more...More about Entertainment, Film, Hunger Games, and Hunger Games Mockingjay

American film and television actor Eli Wallach died Tuesday at the age of 98 The veteran actor has starred in films including The Misfits and Godfather, and classic westerns like The Magnificent Seven and The Good, The Bad and The Ugly. Over the course of 60-plus years of acting, he often appeared onscreen alongside his wife Anne Jackson. See also: 10 Actors Who Appeared on Screen After Their Deaths Wallach was awarded an honorary Oscar in November 2010, where he was called "the quintessential chameleon, effortlessly inhabiting a wide range of characters, while putting his inimitable stamp on every role." Read more...More about Lists, Film, Death, Actors, and Entertainment

Hollywood ain’t got time to need ... an updated version of Predator. And so the reboots will continue apace, with the 1987 horror/sci-fi movie reportedly the latest old idea to get new life in the studio pre-production pipeline. SEE ALSO: Everyone's Bringing Back Kids Shows — Here Are 5 We'd Reboot At this point, 20th Century Fox has only ordered up a treatment from Shane Black, who’s also attached to direct, according to The Hollywood Reporter — if the project ever gets that far. As it turns out, Black, who wrote and directed Kiss Kiss Bang Bang and Iron Man 3 (and is also the Lethal Weapon screenwriter), has some history with the Predator franchise. Read more...More about Movies, Predator, Entertainment, Film, and Reboots

What happened to the the female protagonists in Disney's Frozen, Cinderella, Mulan and The Princess and the Frog after the animated films ended? YouTube singer Jon Cozart, the dude behind the viral "After Ever After" musical parody, is back for round two in this hilarious "After Ever After 2" video. See also: Pearl Jam Takes On Disney's 'Let It Go' "If you've ever wondered why Disney tales all end in lies, here's what happened after all their dreams came true," Cozart, a.k.a. Paint on YouTube, sings in the new parody's intro In the video, above, Cozart puts his own not-so-happily-ever-after spin on Frozen's "Let It Go" and "Do You Want to Build a Snowman?" at the 3:52 mark Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Music Videos, Disney, and Humor

In the new Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, sai-wielding Raphael gives his best Batman voice impression to scare intrepid reporter April O'Neil (Megan Fox) after she captures the secretive shell-clad heroes pummeling bad guys on her camera phone Fans unlocked the film's second trailer and four character posters (below) late Monday and Tuesday in an interactive "Turtle Reveal" Twitter stunt that required them to tweet hashtags — such as #TeamLeonardo — associated with each crime-fighting turtle. See also: 11 Fake Movies Never Coming to a Theater Near You While the first trailer introduced us to storyline of director Michael Bay's modern adaptation, this second attempt gives us a deeper dive into the plot involving the villainous Shredder. Read more...More about Entertainment, Movies, Movie Trailers, Film, and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles

William Shatner is an actor, pitchman, raconteur, Star Trek legend and sometime-curmudgeon on Twitter. Those who follow the 83-year-old actor know this. His Twitter persona will poke and prod you all in the name of a good social media conversation He’s not, however, always kidding. On Saturday, Shatner, who has almost 2 million followers on Twitter, noticed something that bothered him. Mild-mannered Engadget Social Media Manager John Colucci was bubbling with excitement about his blog's Twitter account reaching 1 million followers — then set a goal of beating Shatner’s follower count @lesmith5 @WilliamShatner @MandalayBay Next goal: beat Shatner in follower count :) — John Colucci (@johncolucci) June 21, 2014 Read more... More about William Shatner, Entertainment, Film, Tv, and Twitter

Amazon and Warner Bros. appear to be on more peaceful terms again. After quietly removing the option to preorder upcoming films from Warner Bros. like The Lego Movie and Transcendence, Amazon reinstated preorders for some of these movies this week. See also: Hands On: Amazon's Fire Phone Is More Than Meets the Eye Amazon's original decision to stop preorders was said to be tied to a pricing dispute between the two companiesBloomberg and The Wall Street Journal report hearing from sources that the companies are approaching a resolution to the dispute A rep for Amazon did not immediately respond to our request for comment Read more...More about Amazon, Warner Bros, Business, and Film

Potterheads have been teased mercilessly for months about the magical additions to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter in Florida, but the wait is finally over. Our Hogwarts letter has arrived. Actors from the Harry Potter franchise apparated to Orlando last week to help unveil the new attractions at the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. See also: 'Harry Potter' Actors: Then and Now The additions, which will open to the public July 8, include a functional Hogwarts Express, Diagon Alley (complete with a three-story Weasley's Wizarding Wheezes joke shop), a Leaky Cauldron restaurant and Gringotts Wizarding Bank with an accompanying ride and animatronic goblin bank tellers. Read more...More about Travel, Films, Harry Potter, Entertainment, and Film

Already pre-disgusted by Ben Affleck's performance as Batman? Don't worry, a few more actors are set to give the Dark Knight role a shot in the near future. There's no such thing as too many reboots, right? See also: 18 Pieces of Sage Wisdom From Batman Animation Domination, Fox's late night cartoon program, created this video to give us all a little hope for the future of the caped crusader — complete with some seriously skilled impressions of actors like Matthew McConaughey, Mark Wahlberg and Owen Wilson Laugh, and then get in line behind us to wait for Adam Sandler's 50 First Dates With Justice releasing in 2023. Read more...More about Video, Blockbuster, Movies, Batman, and Dark Knight

It seems like in every TV show cast, there's a character with an addiction problem. Don Draper is an alcoholic. Sherlock's vices are morphine and cocaine. Some shows are even centered on it. (What would Breaking Bad be without meth?) This infographic from Withdrawal.net provides realistic stats on fictional characters from TV and film, who are affected by substance abuse — breaking down the substances, the consequences, how much money they spend and what it would take to detox. See also: 7 Drugs That Don't Exist Anymore Reading about the financial, social and yes, potentially fatal implications of drug use might make you think twice about the hard reality of addiction the next time you catch a rerun of The Sopranos. Read more...More about Ugc, Alcohol, Infographic, Drugs, and Entertainment

Editor's note: Every week Mashable presents "Let’s Talk About," a look back at the biggest WTF stuff from the weekend’s new releases. If you haven’t seen the movie, be warned: This is a SPOILER MINEFIELD. This week: Let's talk about Think Like a Man Too ... “We're not going to any shows!” Thus declares Kevin Hart as best man Cedric in the Vegas-themed couples comedy Think Like A Man Too. SEE ALSO: Let's Talk About the Best Part of '22 Jump Street': The End Credits Indeed there's even a specific rejection of Jersey Boys, whose film adaptation came out this same weekend (and which Think Like a Man Too crushed at the box office.) Little do Cedric and company know that their own movie will stop cold for a highly choreographed music break — a genuine slam-the-breaks stopper that left preview audiences howling. Read more...More about Movies, Entertainment, Film, Let S Talk About, and Think Like A Man Too

Did you know that Game of Thrones was based on novels? And that some people have read the books? Did you know that some people even read them before the first season? Of course you knew all that — everyone has that one friend who just won't shut up about their Game of Thrones novels (or, as they annoyingly insist on calling it, A Song of Ice and Fire) enthusiasm. See also: 6 Blunt Character Changes HBO Made to 'Game of Thrones' College Humor knows that feeling and put together the perfect sketch that any GoT fan can understand. Do yourself a favor: Don't watch the show with those know-it-alls anymore. Read more...More about Video, Viral Video, Film, Game Of Thrones, and Watercooler

Turns out Bill Cosby says weird things out of character too. The actor and comedian's Reddit AMA took place on Father's Day and was packed with quotes about tapioca pudding, Jell-o and chocolate-flavored everything, sounding more like your uncle's impression of Bill Cosby than the man himself. And that wasn't even the week's best AMA. See also: 15 Fascinating Reddit AMAs You Need to Read Other notables who took Reddit's questions this week include Ben Stiller, Jack Black and Seinfeld writer Carol Leifer. We've gathered some of our favorite quotes and moments below. Bill Cosby Image: NBCWhen asked about his favorite animal, Cosby responded as only he could — in a way that didn't make any sense at all. Read more...More about Reddit, Social Media, Bill Cosby, Ama, and Film

The sudden lack of new Game of Thrones episodes may not hit you until this Sunday. You'll be sadly humming the theme under your breath, when a commercial for How to Train Your Dragon 2 comes on, and suddenly you're involuntarily screaming, "WHERE ARE MY DRAGONS?!" Luckily there are movies, books and TV shows that can keep you occupied until next season. See also: 17 'Game of Thrones' #TBT Photos Worthy of the Nostalgia Throne Or, you know, you could always start the book series if you haven't already. BONUS: 5 'Game of Thrones' Facts Every Fan Should Know Read more...More about Books, Netflix, Lists, Movies, and Tv

We all know how big Vin Diesel is — muscularly-speaking. But the actor's muscles are nothing in comparison to his gigantic presence on Facebook. See also: 8 Brutally Honest Facebook Notifications That Need to Exist Now With 78.8 million Likes and counting, the Fast and Furious star is the eighth most-liked page on the massive social network, according to InsideFacebook. While we're big fans of Diesel's work as an action star, we can't be alone in thinking, "Wait, what?" Diesel's status as a Like-monster might not surprise many of you, who, statistically speaking, probably like him already. But it surprises us. To grasp how crazy this is, consider what pages Vin Diesel is bigger than Read more...More about Facebook, Entertainment, Lists, Vin Diesel, and Facebook Fans

It's been a hard road for Robert Pattinson's movie characters, but no amount of dying (Harry Potter) or undying (Twilight) could measure up to what he's going through in The Rover, out in theaters this weekend. Director David Michôd's edgy drama focuses on a ruthless ex-soldier (Guy Pearce) and his damaged, unwitting accomplice (Pattinson) who are traveling through the lawless Australian outback following a global economic collapse. SEE ALSO: Not in 'Twilight' Anymore: Robert Pattinson Battles Lawless Outback in 'The Rover' In this clip shared exclusively with Mashable, Pattinson — who's been roundly praised for his portrayal as the vulnerable young man who's ill-equipped for such conditions — laments an unspeakable act for which he's responsible. Read more...More about Movies, Trailers, Robert Pattinson, Entertainment, and Film

Star Wars fans — go ahead and have a good feeling about this. Disney and Lucasfilm have lined up up Rian Johnson — who wrote and directed the whip-smart sci-fi adventure Looper and some great episodes of Breaking Bad — to direct the next main chapter in the Star Wars franchise, Episode VIII, according to multiple reports Depending on which report you believe, he will also either direct or write a treatment for Episode IX. SEE ALSO: Harrison Ford Broke His Leg, Not an Ankle, on 'Star Wars' Set Johnson has been in serious high demand since Looper, starring Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Bruce Willis, made an impression on fanboys and critics — not to mention an impressive $176 million at the global box office. Offers for multiple major franchises have come his way since, and it looks like his patience and particularity have paid off with a bigger prize. Read more...More about Movies, Star Wars, Entertainment, Film, and Rian Johnson

Harrison Ford broke his left leg on the set of Star Wars: Episode VII last week, Mashable has confirmed with Ford's publicist, dispelling earlier reports that the 71-year-old actor broke an ankle in the accident. "His surgery was successful and he will begin rehab shortly," said publicist Ina Treciokas. "He's doing well and looks forward to returning to work." See also: Harrison Ford's Injury May Keep Him Out of 'Star Wars' for 8 Weeks Ford is reprising his role as Han Solo from the original Star Wars trilogy. This new film's plot will take place three decades after Return of the Jedi, which premiered in 1983. Read more...More about Entertainment, Film, Harrison Ford, Star Wars, and Star Wars Episode Vii

Computer animation technology has made huge leaps in the last decade. Animators can create characters almost indistinguishable from real humans ..almost. And these achievements are having unexpected consequences. In the latest video of our Mashable Explains series, we explain the bizarre "uncanny valley" phenomenon. The uncanny valley is a problem in both animation and robotics. It's that "creep factor" you get when looking at hyper-realistic robots or animated characters. When robots and animations look very close to human, but not enough to be convincing, people often find them visually revolting Read more...More about Film, Animation, Tech, Robots, and Uncanny Valley

June 18 marks the fictional birthday of billionaire sadist Christian Grey from the novel Fifty Shades of Grey — to celebrate, Universal Pictures and Focus Features smacked us with the first photo of actor Jamie Dornan as Grey in the film adaptation of the popular book trilogy. Dornan is a 32-year-old Irish actor and — fitting for the steamy role — a former Calvin Klein underwear model. Dornan, who is best known for his roles as Sheriff Graham Humbert on Once Upon a Time and killer Paul Spector on The Fall, took over as leading man after Charlie Hunnam stepped down in October due to scheduling conflicts. Read more...More about Entertainment, Film, Fifty Shades Of Grey, and Jamie Dornan

Rogue Two to Rogue Leader, we've got incoming cardboard. In the latest installment of the Homemade Movies series, YouTube channel CineFix recreates the Battle of Hoth from Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back with cardboard ships, wires and just about anything else you might have lying around the house. See also: 30 'Star Wars' Facts You Didn't Know The rebels fight the Imperial invasion in a perfect shot-for-shot remake of the original battle. A comparison of the two clips can be seen here. It's a good thing Luke Skywalker had more than just a cardboard lightsaber when he faced off with Darth Vader. Read more...More about Viral Videos, Videos, Movies, Star Wars, and Watercooler

The Notebook turns 10 this month, which means the story of Allie and Noah has reminded you for a full decade that you'll probably die alone. While Nicholas Sparks' movies can be a little corny and a tad repetitive, they also serve as harsh reminders that you have no one to build you a telescope. See also: The Ultimate Ranking of Romantic Comedy Bachelors This list can help you gauge which Sparks flicks are safe to watch when you're out of a relationship, and which might send you into a self-pity spiral. The following are ranked from least to most depressing while single. Read more... More about Lists, Movies, Film, Humor, and Watercooler

In the midst of city living, it’s easy to forget that beyond the tall buildings, the world can be a wild, wild place. Although the concrete jungle has its own ecosystem of sorts (see: rats, pigeons), there’s way more species inhabiting the planet; there are creatures in every crevice of the globe. And there are people who spend their lives documenting Earth’s non-human inhabitants — from penguins playing in the freezing Arctic waters, to mischievous meerkats in Botswana. In doing so, wildlife photographers not only capture the magic of Mother Nature, but they encourage humans to look beyond ourselves, to step outside of our daily routines. Read more...More about Photography, Wildlife, Film, Gadgets, and Lifestyle

IMDb was one of those online pioneers that made the early Internet approachable. When it was founded in 1990, years before Google or Yahoo or even Bill Gates' "Internet Tidal Wave” memo at Microsoft, founder Col Needham understood that people would want handy access to information about movies. Now those users are mobile — and IMDb still gets it. See also: It's Season Finale Time; Here's What to Binge-Watch Next IMDb's movies and TV apps for iOS and Android have now been downloaded more than 100 million times, the company tells Mashable exclusively, which puts it in rarified air that includes Facebook, Instagram, Angry Birds and others still counted in the dozens. Read more...More about Amazon, Movies, Imdb, Entertainment, and Film



Harrison Ford badly injured his ankle while shooting Star Wars: Episode VII, Disney confirmed in a statement Thursday, with reports surfacing that a hydraulic door of the Millennium Falcon may have fallen on the 71-year-old actor. Ford was airlifted to a hospital after the incident at Pinewood Studios in London, where director J.J. Abrams is shooting the sequel. See also: J.J. Abrams Laments 'Star Wars' Set Photos in 'Star Wars' Set Photo "Harrison Ford sustained an ankle injury during filming today on the set of Star Wars: Episode VII. He was taken to a local hospital and is receiving care. Shooting will continue as planned while he recuperates," Disney’s statement read. Read more...More about Harrison Ford, Entertainment, Film, Star Wars Episode Vii, and The Millennium Falcon

Ruby Dee, the multitalented and highly decorated actress, writer and activist has died at the age of 91. Dee died Wednesday in her home in New Rochelle, New York, of natural causes, her personal representative confirmed Thursday. See also: 10 Maya Angelou Quotes That Will Lift You Up She was best known for starring in the 1961 film A Raisin in the Sun before she was nominated for an Academy Award for her role in American Gangster in 2008. Dee got her start on Broadway, but easily made the transition to television and film, and was nominated for eight Emmy Awards, winning one for the 1990 TV movie Decoration Day. She also won a Grammy for Best Spoken Word Album with her late husband Ossie Davis, With Ossie and Ruby: In This Life Together, which tied with former President Jimmy Carter in 2007. Read more...More about Tv, Movies, Entertainment, Film, and Obits

The men who hilariously recreated Kanye West's "Bound 2" music video and spoofed his Vogue cover with Kim Kardashian are now mocking North Korea's Kim Jong-un in the upcoming action-comedy flick The Interview Starring James Franco and Seth Rogen, the film is seemingly a continuation of the two actors' off-screen bromance, as evidenced in the movie's first trailer, above See also: James Franco Explains the Art of Selfies: 'Attention Is Power' Franco plays celebrity tabloid reporter Dave Skylar and Rogen is his producer, Aaron Rapoport, for their TV show Skylark Tonight. After discovering Kim Jong-un is a fan of the show, Skylark and Rapoport travel to Pyongyang, North Korea, to interview him. But before they do, the CIA intervenes with quite the assignment: assassinate Kim Jong-un Read more...More about Entertainment, Film, Trailer, James Franco, and Seth Rogen

On Wednesdays, we ... play video games? YouTube channel CineFix is celebrating the 2004 hit movie Mean Girls with a nostalgic 8-bit tribute video, proving high school is really just a game. And now that Cady Heron has gone from rising Queen Bee to video game heroine, the stakes are even higher. See also: 'Mean Girls' Emoji Is the Closest Thing to Texting Regina George And turns out, seeing Regina George get hit by a bus is incredibly satisfying in 8-bit. Bonus points are so fetch. BONUS: 9 Ways 'Mean Girls' Is More Relevant Now Than High School Read more... More about Viral Videos, Videos, Movies, 8 Bit, and Gaming

If you love hitmen like Mickey Rourke's Marv in Sin City loves them, then this trailer for the sequel to the 2005 graphic novel-esque film will hit you like bullet straight to the heart. The action-packed Sin City: A Dame to Kill For teaser video, which arrived Wednesday, brings back the flim series' familiar color processing technique: primarily black-and-white scenes infused with pops of color for certain objects and people. See also: New 'The Giver' Trailer Goes Black and White Just Like Readers Wanted Joseph Gordon-Levitt plays cocky gambler Johnny in the Sin City sequel.Image: Dimension Horror/YouTube Read more...More about Films, Entertainment, Trailers, Film, and Sin City

Grumpy Cat would like to wish you a very crappy Christmas The Internet's most famous cat will bring her holiday grump to Lifetime this December for the live-action movie Grumpy Cat’s Worst Christmas Ever. Grumpy stars as a lonely kitty in a mall pet store, where she deters potential owners with her grouchy face deters. Her bad luck changes when a 12-year-old girl named Chyrstal falls head over paws for the sour puss. See also: Oscar the Grouch and Grumpy Cat Finally Meet in Epic Face-Off As with any feelings-whomping holiday film, the story includes a bit of drama when Grumpy saves a snobby dog from kidnappers and rescues Chyrstal on Christmas Eve. Think of It's a Wonderful Life rewritten by the Internet and Jimmy Stewart replaced by Scumbag Steve. Actually, that sounds horrible, don't think about that. Read more...More about Lifetime, Movies, Christmas, Cats, and Memes

Someday, when the concept of the YouTube celebrity makes sense to us all, footage from a documentary being shot right now about Our 2nd Life (O2L) will be shown over and over again. Think of it as A Hard Day’s Night for our time. In a world where you need only YouTube videos to motivate thousands of tweens to jam venues, scream wildly and buy merchandise, there’s no point in being a household name. In this world, you’ve either never heard of O2L, or you really, really love O2L. See also: The Great Hollywood Migration: Top Talent Streams to Silicon Beach For those of us in the former category, O2L is the first “vlogger supergroup,” a band of boys from their mid- to late teens who upload videos about random parts of their daily lives, in place of perfect pop harmonies and flashy choreography. Read more...More about Youtube, Movies, Entertainment, Film, and Video

In the early days of memedom, before hardly anyone even knew what YouTube was, a different pop culture legacy was beat to the ground Exactly 10 years ago, Napoleon Dynamite released to theaters, bringing national attention to tater tots, introducing many of us to the liger and dominating the conversational speech of every American child aged 11 to 17 See also: 30 Movies Turning 30 in 2014 At some point in the months following its theatrical run and DVD release — ask anyone who was a middle schooler in 2004 — Napoleon Dynamite became the most important film of our young lives. Your opinion of the movie didn't matter, but you did need to have a thorough understanding of the script just to communicate with other children. In short, there was simply no escaping it. Read more...More about Lists, Movies, Nostalgia, Film, and Watercooler

Let's face it, Jim Carrey needs a hit. You have to go back to 2003 — that's practically 11 in math years — to find a bona fide Carrey box-office smash with Bruce Almighty, which at $67 million was not only his best opening weekend ever, it was the best opening weekend in Jim Carrey history. See also: 'Dumb and Dumber' Recut as a Psychological Thriller Down at No. 15 on the opening-weekend thingy is Dumb and Dumber, which debuted to a very modest $16 million in 1994. In the two decades since, several Carrey films have opened better, including Yes Man ($18.2 million), Mr. Popper's Penguins ($18.4 million), The Cable Guy ($19.8 million), Me, Myself and Irene ($24.2 million), and The Truman Show ($31.5 million). Read more...More about Movies, Trailers, Entertainment, Film, and Dumb And Dumber To

This just rolled in: Sony and Sega are partnering to develop a Sonic the Hedgehog movie. The feature-length film will be a CG-animated/live-action hybrid, and would pit the irreverent spiny mammal with blazing speed against familiar franchise baddies including Dr. Eggman, the studio announced Tuesday. See also: Original 'Sonic the Hedgehog' Speeds on to Android Upright Citizens Brigade LA alumni Evan Susser and Van Robichaux have been hired to pen the script — this would be their first feature film in production — under producer Neal H. Moritz (the Fast and Furious franchise). Japanese CG animation production company Marza, a subsidiary of Sega, is also producing. Read more...More about Games, Movies, Sony, Sega, and Sonic The Hedgehog

An event as massive as the World Cup deserves the Hollywood blockbuster treatment. Designers Edoardo Santamato and Benedetto Papi from Italian creative agency Invasione Creativa reimagines the contenders for the 2014 World Cup as some of the most iconic movie posters in cinema history. See also: 32 Outstanding World Cup Names (and How to Pronounce Them) Some of the posters feature the nations' home-grown film works, like Steven Spielberg's E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial for the United States team or Godzilla for Japan. Time will only tell how the world's biggest soccer event will play out — which team will end up like the 300 Spartans, or fly high like E.T.? Read more...More about Soccer, Pics, Movies, Graphic Design, and World Cup

Every week, Mashable presents "Let’s Talk About...", a Monday-morning look back at the biggest WTF moment from the weekend’s most talked-about new movie. If you haven’t seen the film, be warned: This doesn’t just contain spoilers — it's ALL spoilers. This week: Let's talk about Edge of Tomorrow. Tom Cruise may have gotten the box office tar knocked out of him by a sickly teen girl, but Edge of Tomorrow is still a rock solid success for the international A-lister. More importantly, Doug Liman's crafty and clever film (based on a novel by Hiroshi Sakurazaka and adapted by Christopher McQuarrie, Jez and John-Henry Butterworth) is a terrific bit of blockbuster summer cinema. The action is terrific, the performances have zip and the idea — even if it really is nothing but Groundhog Day Space War — feels fresh. Read more...More about Movies, Entertainment, Film, Tom Cruise, and Edge Of Tomorrow

A few things we can now guarantee about Ant-Man: He's going to get small, he's going to be a con-man who pulls off a heist and he's going to crack wise. A lot. The mad scramble to replace director Edgar Wright, who dropped out of the project before Memorial Day weekend over creative differences with Disney/Marvel, has finally ended. And the winner is: Peyton Reed, whose background is one light comedy after another, including the cheerleading romp Bring it On, the Vince Vaughn/Jennifer Aniston rom-com The Break Up, Jim Carrey's Yes Man and episodes of New Girl. SEE ALSO: 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier': 9 Key Details You May Have Missed Read more...More about Movies, Marvel, Entertainment, Film, and Ant Man

During the week, we consume words in snackable, tweetable bites. But on the weekends, we have the time to take a dive into the murkier, lengthier depths of the Internet and expand our attention spans beyond 140 characters. We can brew a cup of coffee and lie back with our iPads, laptops, smartphones and Kindles. Since you're bound to miss a few things during the daily grind, we present to you, in our weekly installation of Mashable Must Reads, a curated list of can't-miss stories from around the web to read and reflect on. (You can find last week's must reads here). Read more... Who Wants to Shoot an Elephant? | GQ More about Video Games, Silicon Valley, Hollywood, Fonts, and Iran

Approximately 70 million troops served as part of the Allied Forces during World War II. The massive deployment included actors, authors, musicians and athletes, who all served their country in a time of need. The war affected not only those who were on the ground, but also people working in factories to create products to aid the troops. Many left their families behind, risking their lives to join the front lines See also: Heads Bowed, Flags Raised: World Leaders and Veterans Remember D-Day A number of WWII veterans are alive today to tell their stories — veterans whose names you may not recognize. We've compiled a list of names you're likely more familiar with who also played a role during the war. Read more...More about Lists, Celebrities, Entertainment, Film, and Music

Run for cover — the sharks are taking a bite out of the Big Apple The highly anticipated sequel to 2013's swim-away hit Sharknado, aptly titled Sharkando 2: The Second One, has released its first teaser trailer. See also: 27 Fin-Splitting Tweets About 'Sharknado' Expect sharks and chainsaws — in other words, almost the exact same scenarios as the first movie, but set in New York City. The 20-second clip shows chaotic shots of Times Square, Citi Field and subway stations. There's also a glorious moment when a biker gets squished on a sidewalk by a runaway shark Ian Ziering and Tara Reid will reprise their original roles, alongside newbies Mark McGrath, Vivica A. Fox, Kelly Osbourne and Judah Friedlander Read more...More about Films, Trailers, Movie Trailers, Entertainment, and Film

The Ghostbusters suited up for the first time 30 long years ago. If that makes you feel old, don't worry — we created a set of commemorative paper dolls to make you feel like a kid again. Now you can print them out, grab some safety scissors and start zapping paper ghosts Dress your squad of supernatural exterminators in different outfits and accessorize them with copious ectoplasmic residue, psycho-kinetic energy detectors and unlicensed nuclear accelerators See also: Thank Zuul for the First Official 'Ghostbusters' Lego Photos Just like Batman, the Ghostbusters aren't as cool without their car. So we also included the Ecto-1, and a couple of Twinkies for good measure Read more...More about Entertainment, Pics, Film, Ghostbusters, and Watercooler

"I've always wanted a chief anything title," actor Josh Peck, best known for his stint on Nickelodeon's Drake & Josh, told Mashable. Well, on Thursday, he accomplished that goal, becoming Chief Creative Viner for fashion brand Joe Boxer. With nearly 5 million followers on Vine, Peck is the latest popular user on Twitter's six-second video service to ink a deal to infuse product mentions or placements into his account. See also: 20-Year-Old Vine Star Marcus Johns Earns Spot on Oscars Red Carpet "I was lucky that I got into Vine way early to explore all of possibilities and establish this audience," Peck, 27, said. "Their brand is so reminiscent of young people and college kids — and that's been my fan base. They'll see characters they've grown to love." Read more...More about Tv, Celebrities, Film, Vine, and Branded Content

The only thing the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles loved more than fighting crime was a hot, fresh pizza Whenever Leonardo, Donatello, Michelangelo and Raphael decided to take a rest it was always for something delicious — at least, it was delicious to them. With unorthodox ingredients like clams, peanut butter and chocolate sprinkles, the boys gobbled up some interesting creations that were totally unique to them See also: 17 Things We Learned From Old Cartoon PSAs Food news website Food Beast recreated some of the Turtles' strangest concoctions in a series of rather appetizing photos — as long as you don't think about the ingredients. A full list of Food Beast's turtle-powered creations can be found here. Read more...More about Lists, Photography, Ugc, Pizza, and Film

Anyone who grew up on Disney movies (or raised a kid on them) knows the tropes. True love's kiss, saved by a prince, happily ever after — blah, blah, blah. Now you can enjoy a whole new world of entertainment. By taking out the dialogue and adding punchier captions to classics like Cinderella and The Little Mermaid, the self-explanatory subreddit r/disneyoutofcontext has given new life to your favorite old Disney movies. See also: 12 Disney Moments Gone Terribly, Terribly Wrong Walt Disney might have frowned upon these GIFs, but then again, the movies have questionable moments on their own. Read more... More about Lists, Disney, Humor, Film, and Gifs

The film adaptation of The Giver will stay true to Lois Lowry's 1993 sci-fi book of the same name, by giving moviegoers black-and-white scenes, after all. When the first trailer arrived in March, fans of the book feared that the Weinstein Company had altered the grayscale tale to feature only full-color scenes. But the second trailer, which dropped Wednesday, gives readers just what they wanted from the get-go See also: It Took 4 Years to Write 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding' Sequel The new trailer shows a colorless community, led by Chief Elder (Meryl Streep), plagued by uniformity and void of real emotions. Streep's character is trying to thwart Jonas (Brenton Thwaites) from exposing the elders' secrets to everyone. Read more...More about Entertainment, Film, Sci Fi, Weinstein Company, and The Giver

"Learning how to die is therefore learning how to live," Philip Seymour Hoffman said in 2012. To Hoffman, there was nothing as crucial to happiness as the awareness and acceptance of death. Living in the moment leads to happiness, which is only possible after we've accepted what will be the end. See also: 21 Clips to Relive Philip Seymour Hoffman's Acting Career This candid chat is a segment taken from a larger conversation with The New School philosophy professor Simon Critchley at the Rubin Museum of Art in New York CityBlank on Blank took the poignant interview and added animation to underscore the message. Read more...More about Video, Quotes, Animation, Film, and Watercooler

Until 2013, only three people in history had been named as director of a Star Wars movie: the late, great Irvin Kershner; Richard Marquand; and oh, some guy named George Lucas Now, over the span of one year, another three directors are set to present their on-screen visions of the Star Wars universe. The latest was announced by Lucasfilm on Wednesday: Josh Trank, the relatively unknown director of small-scale superhero movie and teenage parable Chronicle, and the director of next year's Fantastic Four reboot. See also: J.J. Abrams Laments 'Star Wars' Set Photos in 'Star Wars' Set Photo Trank, 30, joins Godzilla director Gareth Edwards, another relative newcomer, who will also direct an unnamed spinoff movie, and of course J.J. Abrams, who just wrapped up his first location shoot in Abu Dhabi for Star Wars Episode VII Read more...More about Star Wars, Lucasfilm, Entertainment, and Film

May the force be alphabetized. ASTR ARSW, the alphabetization of the every English word in the original Star Wars film, is the work of Tom Murphy VII. He's a man with a Ph.D. in computer science, a love for the film and a lot of time on his hands. See also: Have We Reached Peak Star Wars Day? Murphy split, alphabetized and labeled every single English word in the original Star Wars film using software he specifically designed for the project. The clip runs a total of 43 minutes, but out of the 1,695 different words that Murphy compiled, the word lightsaber only appears once Watching the entire video can be somewhat disorienting — maybe even enough to turn you to the dark side of the force. Read more...More about Viral Videos, Star Wars, Film, Watercooler, and Videos

Hey, at least J.J. Abrams has a sense of humor about this. The Star Wars: Episode VII director, who loves to keep a tight lid on his productions is having a terrible time of it on this particular movie. Photos of Han Solo's hyperspacey hunk of junk have been floating around the galaxy since pre-production, and yesterday another leaked image showed a version of the Falcon on the London set. SEE ALSO: 'Star Wars: Episode VII' Photos Leak: What Is This Alien Creature? Abrams tweeted this hand-written note Wednesday morning: pic.twitter.com/wQYfaVtwFU — Bad Robot (@bad_robot) June 4, 2014   “I wish people would stop leaking photos from Episode VII and making ridiculous claims that the Millennium Falcon is in the movie” is funny, see, because the note is COMING FROM INSIDE THE MILLENNIUM FALCON. We know that because that's definitely the Falcon's Dejarik table — the holographic Jedi chess that Chewbacca and R2-D2 play in A New Hope — the note is resting upon. Read more...More about Movies, Entertainment, Film, Star Wars Episode Vii, and J.J. Abrams

When Dr. Dre and Jimmy Iovine became employees of Apple Inc. last week, it was the acqui-hire heard 'round the world. Here were two music luminaries who, through Apple's $3 billion purchase of Beats, must be the most powerful entertainment-industry hired guns in Silicon Valley history. But here's the thing: They're not even close. SEE ALSO: The Apple-Beats Deal: A 10-Year Affair Ends in Marriage Truth is, tech companies have been quietly poaching top Hollywood executives for a few years now. What began with a trickle of pioneers slipping across the border to help Silicon Valley companies manage fledgling content deals has turned it into a one-way reaping of the film and television studios' top talent as tech pushes into creating content of its own. Read more...More about Google, Youtube, Amazon, Entertainment, and Tv