It can be intimidating (and expensive) to find professional financial planners these days, but understanding your budget is an absolute necessity. For those who have nervously pondered how to get economic service on a dime, here are three great sites that offer financial advice, such as how to manage your budget and where to invest your money. Move over Wall Street, the Internet is the new financial frontier. See also: The Millennial's Guide to Personal Finance 1LearnVest Image: LearnVest, LearnVest When Alexa von Tobel started LearnVest in 2009, the company was originally aimed at teaching women to become more financially savvy. Four years later, the site has expanded so much that Tobel made it gender-neutral. It turns out, everyone could use more financial planning Read more...More about Personal Finance, Finance, Features, Lifestyle, and Jobs

Most high schools don't teach how to balance checkbooks or navigate loans, though plenty of young people wish they had more access to formal financial education. While it would be impossible to fit an entire economics class in one article, the first step to grasping more complicated financial concepts is to learn the fundamental terminology. See also: 10 Personal Finance Experts to Follow on Twitter Understanding basic financial terms can help you make the most informed choices about your fiscal path. Here are just some of the most frequently used terms you'll need to know. 401(k) A popular retirement plan offered by many employers, a 401(k) allows you to set aside a certain percentage of your paycheck into a retirement fund, before taxes. Read more...More about Finance, Features, Money, Lifestyle, and Work Play

Are you member of "Generation Procrastination"? If your savings account and retirement plan are gathering virtual cobwebs, you probably are. A recent retirement study by Scottrade suggests that Gen Y is getting way behind on its savings. The recession, mounting student debt and freelance or part-time jobs offering few employee benefits may be to blame for what one Scottrade spokesperson called that generation's laissez-faire attitude toward personal finances. But saving money doesn't have to be an ordeal. Vince Maniago, group product manager at Mint, gave Mashable some simple advice for getting your personal finances into gear Read more...More about Mobile, Apps, Android, Finance, and Features

Personal finance apps and software are sort of like diets: They will undoubtedly work if you stick to them, but they are so difficult to maintain that, most times, they just don't last. At least, that's the case for manyMint, the biggest of the personal finance apps, claims 9 million users. The company (and sibling brand Quicken) were able to furnish a few of the fin serv equivalents of Jennifer Hudson, former out-of-control spenders who have embraced the frugal lifestyle Here are a few tips from other successful finance app users Get a Reality Check Without exception, all the users who are now getting the most out of these financial service tools had a moment of clarity — they saw how much they were spending and realized that they were living beyond their means Read more...More about Apps, Finance, Features, Money, and Mint

And now a public service announcement: don't post photos of your debit or credit cards online. That might sound like an incredibly basic security rule, but it's one dozens of Twitter users are breaking — and now one handle hopes to hold them to account @NeedADebitCard pillages the Twittersphere for unsuspecting users who posted completely legible photos of their credit and debit cards on the web. Its sole purpose: to shame those foolish enough to post Twitpics or Instagrams that contain their credit or debit card information. "Please quit posting pictures of your debit cards, people," reads the account's bio. It has posted 55 pictures and gained more than 2,000 followers since first tweeting on May 25. Read more...More about Twitter, Social Media, Finance, Trending, and Debit Card

Groupon's financial history hasn't always been this precarious, but lately, the daily deal site seems to be teetering on a stock market tightrope In April, the company's stock price plummeted on news that the SEC planned to investigate Groupon's Q4 earnings restatement. Groupon claims that customer refund rates were higher than anticipated, a loss which prompted a shift in earnings SEE ALSO: 10 Giant Things Less Valuable Than Facebook The infographic below, based on research gathered by BackgroundCheck.org, details the high and low points of Groupon's finances and stock offerings, and breaks down a hypothetical coupon scenario to demonstrate how money is distributed to merchants Read more...More about Finance, Sec, Groupon, Infographics, and Business

Spring is in full bloom and for many that means dusting off the cobwebs and cleaning the dog’s nose prints off the windows. For small business owners, it should also mean taking a good look at their business finances. Now is the perfect time to take a spring cleaning approach to the business issues that often get put off. Here are six ways to clean up your financials and get organized. 1. Talk to a CPA Now’s the perfect time to make an appointment with your tax advisor, as you’ll both have more time to discuss your financials and will be focused on long-term strategy, rather than getting through this year’s tax season. Most importantly, you’ll still have plenty of time to act on his or her suggestions while it’s still 2012. Read more...More about Small Business, Finance, Web Apps, Features, and Business

The world of personal finance is slowly experiencing an Internet revolution, but many people still rely on the old brick-and-mortar shops for advice about investing, mortgages, retirement accounts and other complex financial processes Personal Capital, a California-based startup, is seeking to change all that by fusing the worlds of finance and technology. The Mint-like funds tracker provides services catered to people who manage a wide variety of finances — a mortgage, a retirement fund and so on. And Personal Capital also offers customer-focused financial advice over the phone, via email and through video chat. Read more...More about Personal Finance, Finance, Features, Open Forum, and Business

If you're looking for cash for school, then you may not have to look any further than your fellow alumni. Meet SoFi, a social lending service that lets alumni of a school help finance the education of future graduates and earn a bit of a return on their investment as well. The way the program works is simple. Alumni invest money in their particular school's funding, and then students apply just as they might to any other college loan. Loans are given to students for a 6.24% interest rate (5.99% if they sign up for auto-pay), alumni earn 5% back on money they've invested, and SoFi keeps roughly 1%. Alumni can invest with cash, or can invest funds through their IRA. Read more...More about Finance, College, Social Good, Startups, and Social Media

Apple has a lot riding on the success of the new iPad. It's the company's only big launch this year until the iPhone 5 is expected to launch in October Apple's quarters are different from most companies — its fourth quarter ends in September, so sales of the new iPad are essential to meet analysts' profit projection numbers for 2012. iPad sales in the first quarter of 2012 (October to December 2011) hit 15.4 million — a rise of 111%. Apple's new iPad was announced on Wednesday to eager reporters and tech insiders. After news of the "new iPad" circulated throughout the Web, people took to Twitter to give a collective, "meh." In fact, on Wednesday "iPad" was not even the top trending topic on Twitter and by Thursday it disappeared from the Twitterverse's trending topics completely Read more...More about China, Revenue, Apple, Finance, and Economy

DebtEye announced Wednesday it is now SpringCoin, a learning-focused financial planning website that gets more intuitive as you use it John Sun, CEO of San Francisco-based SpringCoin, started the business under the name DebtEye in February 2011. It was one of the start-ups at the notable Y Combinator start-up incubator. SpringCoin helps customers meet financial needs and figure out how to pay off their debts by improving their financial literacy and by creating goals "There's a mentality that this stuff (finance) is above them and that's just not true," Sun says The integrated features and financial education aspect of SpringCoin is what differentiates it from DebtEye Read more...More about Personal Finance, Finance, Y Combinator, Debt, and Business

Hansoo Lee is co-founder and CEO of Magoosh, an online test prep company with products for the SAT, GRE, and GMAT. The rising cost of higher education has driven student debt to worrisome levels. With the advancements in digital and online education, more and more would-be college students are seeking the inexpensive, individualized alternatives online However, the benefits of higher education are still immense. Given the debate around the value of a college degree, it’s important tease out the exact benefits that you’d get out a college experience, especially because many of them impact your digital presence. Read more...More about Financial, Job Search, Features, College, and Education

Here's a hypothetical (yet common) situation: Sara is a brilliant web designer who has never raised her client rates. Not once. Sure, she signs on new clients more often, but her existing clientele enjoy some kind of unwritten grandfather clause that has maintained the same rates since 2002 Does this sound familiar? Do you break into a sweat when you consider how to tell a long-time client you need to raise his rates? Are you worried that clients will run for the hills at the slightest rate increase? With the rise of the Freelance or Gig Economy, more professionals are shifting from full-time positions to self-employed, freelance or contract roles. And often, for company employees accustomed to regular raises and pre-determined fee hikes, the notion of being in charge of one's own prices is challenging Read more...More about Financial, How To, Features, Entrepreneurs, and Freelance

Japanese camera company Olympus hid up to $1.67 billion in losses from its investors amid a financial scandal that can be traced back 20 years, according to an investigative panel. The panel — which consists of Japanese police officers, lawyers and the Securities and Exchange Surveillance Commission — is gearing up to release a report on Tuesday that discusses its findings amid allegations that Olympus lost significant money through investments and covered it up by paying sky-high advisory fees after acquiring various companies, Reuters reports. It is still unclear whether those involved in the incidents will face criminal charges, but the panel is not authorized to do so, Reuters said. Read more...More about Finance, Cameras, Shares, Olympus, and Tech

When looking at the U.S. economy, the only thing that can be said with certainty is that we are in a period of extreme uncertainty. Consumer confidence hit a 30-year low as consumer spending hit a record high for the year. Wall Street is announcing record corporate profits while main street is suffering. And corporate CEOs are receiving massive incomes at a time when the country has unacceptably high unemployment rates. We have entered the Bermuda Triangle of economic indicators, where our economic compass has gone haywire. The U.S. stock market has entered a period of extreme volatilityStock indexes lost over 5% of their value the day after S&P’s debt downgrade, only to fully bounce back a few days later Read more...More about Lists, Finance, Business, Economy, and Business Lists

One of the things we hear a lot about in Silicon Valley is how cheap and easy it is to launch a startup these days. After all, high-quality open source software is free, the cloud makes computer power far less expensive, and anyone with an Internet connection can learn Ruby and CSS. Throw in a few YouTube videos and a Twitter account, and you’re golden — or so we are led to believe. While all of these factors are true to an extent, the truth of the matter is that the reduced costs of hardware and software are easily offset by the expense of engineers and experienced business people. And no matter what the latest trends indicate, you will eventually have to spend money on PR and marketing. Read more...More about Web2.0 Startups, Startup, Finance, Business, and Features

The U.S. stock market today continues to plunge in the wake of the S&P's downgrade of the U.S. credit rating. Many investors — big and small — are reacting to the news by rushing to sell-off positions. All three major U.S. stock indexes are down between 5% and 6%, which has pushed the Dow down 500 points. We can't offer you any investment advice, but we can point out 10 mobile apps, iPad apps and websites that should make tracking investments and the state of the market less complicated. Read more... More about News, Financial, Nasdaq, Finance, and Stock Quotes

When Learnvest CEO Alexa von Tobel landed a job in finance after college, she was struck by the irony of her situation. She was working on Wall Street, but she didn't know what a credit score really was or how to deal with taxes Though few skills can be as consequential as a basic understanding of personal finance, few schools teach how to balance a checkbook or save for retirementLearnvest, which von Tobel later dropped out of Harvard Business School to found, is a collection of resources and tools for learning this sort of basic financial knowledge. Since it launched in December 2009, the startup has raised $24.5 million in funding and amassed more than 100,000 users, most of them women. Read more...More about Startupreview, Personal Finance, Finance, Money, and Mint

Most people understand that a high percentage of startups never make it. So what if you could give yourself a leg up on the competition? Below is a list of tips that may help your startup get to the next level. These ideas are not revolutionary, and many successful startups already have these qualities. Why not ensure yours does too? 1. Hire Great Coders If you don’t have the skills to code, make sure you find someone with a solid programming background who can implement your idea. You want to make sure that person has built successful websites with features similar to your own vision. That way, you know they have the right skills for your startup. An inefficient coder will take a long time to launch the site, wasting time by making minor changes and fixing bugs. You will lose valuable time and potentially miss the opportunity to capitalize on first-to-market advantages. Read more...More about Lists, Startup, Web, Marketing, and Launch

For the small business owner, trying to navigate the credit and lending world can feel like a vicious Catch-22. Most commercial banks and traditional lenders are reluctant to loosen their purse strings until you’ve proven yourself with a strong credit history. But it’s difficult to develop that good record when no one will lend to you in the first place Many small business owners rely on the strength of their personal credit to fund their businesses. But when you use personal credit, your mortgage, auto loan and personal credit cards all affect your ability to qualify for a business loan. Using business credit separates your personal activities from that of the business. Your business credit is dependent on your company’s payment history, assets, cash flow and other financials. It doesn’t include your personal debts or other personal financial obligations. Read more...More about Lists, Startup, Finance, Channels, and Business

Dynamics, the company behind the high-tech debit and credit cards we showed you last year, has just raised a huge sum of money to fuel its rapid growth. The Card 2.0 products, which were developed to make credit and debit cards both simpler and more secure, are currently being tested by large consumer banks such as Citi The futuristic cards have embedded buttons and graphic displays, yet they’re as thin and flexible as a normal credit card. In addition to using the new funding — a $35 million Series B led by Bain Capital Ventures — to fuel growth, the startup will also use the money to develop new next-gen credit and debit card products. Keep an eye on this company for battery-powered contact chip cards, battery-powered RFID contactless cards, and phone-based payment systems. Read more...More about Funding, Finance, Banking, Series B, and Dynamics

StockTwits, the Twitter app-turned-social network for investors, is targeting investor relations professionals at Fortune 500 companies with the release of StockTwits IR Suite. The suite is intended to help corporations better monitor, distribute and measure news through social media Dell, Hewlett-Packard and Ford are among 50 public companies that have already added social media to the workflow of IR departments by way of the StockTwits IR Suite. StockTwits IR Suite is comprised of three components. The Verified Ticker Page lets corporations assume control of their ticker symbol on StockTwits and put their best faces forward with links to their blogs, YouTube channels or SlideShare presentations Read more...More about Web2.0 Startups, News, Social Media, Finance, and Financial Services

In its attempt to break into the personal finance market, Google has launched a new tool for finding and comparing financial products. At its core, Google Advisor is a personal finance comparison tool. It helps you check the rates for mortgages, credit cards, CDs, checking accounts and savings accounts by providing a list of financial instruments that meet your search criteria. For mortgages, Google provides data such as APR, monthly payment, fees and contact details. If you're looking for a credit card, the search giant provides data on rewards, card type, purchase APR and the annual fee. Read more... More about Google, News, Finance, Channels, and Business

Social media isn’t only about news, opinion and commentary. It’s also a potentially profitable form of raw data, at least if you ask Wall Street. Many on Wall Street think they can use social media networks to reliably predict how the markets for their investments will trend. One London-based investment manager says it will launch a fund dedicated entirely to using Twitter for investment decisions. The fund, managed by Derwent Capital Markets, has colloquially become known as “the Twitter hedge fund” among some Wall Street insiders. Although the launch has been perpetually delayed, it has an estimated $100 million in capital Read more...More about Marketing, Social Media, Finance, Channels, and Business

This post originally appeared on the American Express OPEN Forum, where Mashable regularly contributes articles about leveraging social media and technology in small business. One of the keys to small business success is managing money. Whether it’s cash flow, credit or expenses, having money when you need it keeps the business going. More importantly, it can enable owners to make the investments necessary to grow their businesses. With today’s smartphone technology, it’s easier than ever to keep track of financial indicators. Here are 21 iPhone apps — all free — to help you stay informed and monitor your finances. Let us know which you use in the comments below. Read more...More about Mobile, Iphone, Personal Finance, Small Business, and Finance

Apple shares opened today down 5% after yesterday's news that Steve Jobs is taking a leave of absence from Apple due to medical reasons. Although Steve Jobs is immensely important — crucial, one could argue — to Apple, a 5% drop is far from a disaster, and, at publication, Apple's shares are already regaining their value This is partly due to Apple's PR department cleverly releasing the news of Jobs's absence on a U.S. holiday, Martin Luther King Jr. Day (giving investors a day to digest the news), and partly due to the fact that Apple will release today its quarterly financial results, which include holiday sales and are expected to be excellent Read more...More about News, Apple, Finance, Business, and Steve Jobs