An event as massive as the World Cup deserves the Hollywood blockbuster treatment. Designers Edoardo Santamato and Benedetto Papi from Italian creative agency Invasione Creativa reimagines the contenders for the 2014 World Cup as some of the most iconic movie posters in cinema history. See also: 32 Outstanding World Cup Names (and How to Pronounce Them) Some of the posters feature the nations' home-grown film works, like Steven Spielberg's E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial for the United States team or Godzilla for Japan. Time will only tell how the world's biggest soccer event will play out — which team will end up like the 300 Spartans, or fly high like E.T.? Read more...More about Soccer, Pics, Movies, Graphic Design, and World Cup

When superheroes aren't saving the world from crime and devastation, they're jamming on stage and partying in the tour bus. At least that's how it would be if graphic artist Andrés Moncayo had anything to say about it. In a series of illustrations, he's envisioned a world where superheroes trade their spandex for, well, flashier spandex. See also: 18 Pieces of Sage Wisdom From Batman Both the Justice League and the Avengers got the rocker treatment. Stripped of the clean-cut paragons of truth and justice, these rock stars are decidedly more of the grunge and glam variety. Moncayo gave each hero their own custom costume to wear on stage at that filthy dive bar, where they're undoubtedly playing a slew of sold out shows Read more...More about Pics, Lists, Art, Graphic Design, and Dc

Meghan Coleman loves a good challenge. Last September, the graphic designer began her most recent endeavor, 365 Days of Balloons, a Tumblr blog dedicated to creating one colorful twisted object each day for a whole year. Coleman, who describes herself as a "creative adventurer" on her website, is definitely up to the task. Now on day 107, her balloons have become wildly popular all over the internet. The cute and quirky objects themselves range in size and difficulty — from adorable animals like an owl and a sloth to a fully-harnessed Santa and his nine reindeer. She also loves to make pop culture creations, like Superman and Disney princesses. Read more...More about Photos, Tumblr, Photography, Pictures, and Photographs

YouTube has begun using a new logo for its apps and social networking accounts. Last Friday, the video service quietly updated its Facebook, Twitter and Google+ pages with a new profile picture showing a vastly redesigned logo (see the full logo below.) Earlier that week, YouTube released an update to its mobile apps, which also featured the new logo as the app icon. See also: Here's Why These 6 Videos Went Viral YouTube has never changed the basic format of the logo, other than to make some minimal cosmetic updates. That said, it's unclear whether YouTube has officially abandoned its old logo for good, as it still shows on YouTube's website. Read more...More about Youtube, Branding, Logo, Graphic Design, and Business

Yahoo recently announced that it will introduce a new logo next month — after publishing 30-days of alternative designs that didn't quite make the cut — but some designers seem to think they can do a better job. 99designs, an online marketplace for crowdsourcing graphic designs, is running a contest to redesign Yahoo's logo. The contest runs through Wednesday and then, like Yahoo, 99designs will announce one winner — who will receive a prize of $500 — and 29 runners-up See also: Facebook's Worst-Case Scenario: Becoming the Next Yahoo The design marketplace did something similar last year, launching a contest for users to offer suggestions for how to redesign the eBay logo. Read more...More about Yahoo, Graphic Design, Business, and Marketing

Russian graphic designer Ruslan Khasanov has created the perfect psychedelic dose to cure your work day blues. For his new experimental video, Khasanov captured close up shots of colored ink droplets mingling with soap and oil, a simple video concept that translates into stunning footage. See also: Photographer Dissects Golf Balls to Reveal Gorgeous Guts Watch the video above in high definition for the full effect, and check out Khasanov's Bēhance for more photographs and GIFs of his trippy video experiment. Image: Vimeo, Ruslan Khasanov Read more...More about Video, Graphic Design, Trippy, Watercooler, and Videos

Even we novices can spot design atrocities when they occur — Comic Sans and upside-down text, anyone? Those design flaws can be like nails on a chalkboard to common folk, but to people in the biz, these errors are deadly sins SEE ALSO: More Comics on Mashable In this comic, Angela Liao of 20px illustrates a whole mess of design mistakes and asks us how many problems we can spot Tell us which errors you found in the comments below Comic illustration by Angela Liao, 20px. Published with permission; all rights reserved. Read more...More about Comic, Comics, Web Design, Graphic Design, and Humor

Superman, Batman, Spider-Man and the rest of the superhero crew might routinely save the world, but they came from humble beginnings. California-based graphic designer Khoa Ho created a series of posters entitled "Superheroes — Past/Present" to show exactly that. "I took a dive into the origins of these individuals and who they were before they became superheroes to remind us that despite the trials of our past, what we choose to do moving forward is much more important to us and the world we share," he wrote on his website See also: How Much Does It Cost to Be Superman in Real Life? The six images, done in stark black and white with minimal lettering, are striking. Each superhero is portrayed twice — once to symbolize his early life and once to symbolize his current strength. Check out the series below. Read more...More about Flash, Batman, Graphic Design, Spiderman, and Ironman

Chad Mureta was in a car accident two years ago. During a lengthy recovery in the hospital, a friend gave him an article about the app market. Shortly thereafter, Mureta began designing and developing apps In just 24 months, Mureta created and sold three app companies, generating millions in revenue. He developed more than 40 apps with more than 35 million downloads. According to Mureta, 90% of his apps were successful and made money. SEE ALSO: Top 25 Free iPhone Apps of All Time Using the The 4-Hour Workweek approach, Mureta built everything with his iPhone — working less than five hours per week. Read more...More about Iphone App Store, Iphone Apps, Graphic Design, App Development, and Mobile App Development

The new NASA.gov has a light blue color palette, one you may not immediately associate with deep space. The agency rolled out a website redesign over the weekend, which included tossing out the black background that shadowed NASA's website for years. "The common complaint about our design was that there was too much going on," NASA Internet Services Manager Brian Dunbar told Mashable via email. "The lighter color palette seemed to open things up without us having to remove too much content. So far the reaction has been mixed, as is often the case." SEE ALSO: 6 Obscure NASA Sites Every Nerd Has to See Read more...More about Space, Nasa, Graphic Design, Website Design, and Computer Science

Unemployed, underemployed or somewhere in between? The Mashable Job Board is here to help. Since 2005, Mashable has been dedicated to providing the hottest digital, social and tech news to our readership of 20 million and counting. Top companies know you excel in the digital world, so they come to Mashable to find the best and brightest minds. New jobs — including ones exclusive to us — are added every day to the Mashable Job Board. Take a look. Below, we've gathered 7 recently posted marketing positions. Keep coming back to the Mashable Job Board for new openings, and don't forget to read our Job Search Series for advice on how to achieve your dream job. Read more...More about Seo, Social Media, Graphic Design, Business, and Jobs

Choosing the right font for your Powerpoint presentation or design project is serious business — you want to be careful not to send the wrong message Luckily, there are thousands of fonts online you can download for free. Take a look at our favorite resources below SEE ALSO: 24 Famous Fonts You Can Download for Free Do you have any favorite websites for fonts? Share them with us in the comments (Comic Sans is not an acceptable answer) 1Dafont Image by Mashable Dafont has one of the most diverse font collections on the web. Its library includes more than 20,000 options to browse, and the easy-to-navigate layout lets you search by category, title or author. Read more...More about Lists, Features, Design, Graphic Design, and Fonts

The freelancing industry enjoyed impressive growth in the past several years. In 2011, the Financial Times (UK) reported a 12% growth in the number of freelancers from 2008. Popular freelance broker site Elance enjoyed consistent growth in past years, with the number of jobs posted rising from around 200,000 in the first quarter of 2012 to 300,000 in the same period in 2013. In addition to a more flexible work schedule, freelancers tend to be happy. According to the 2012 Freelance Industry Report, 90% of freelancers are happier now than they were before going solo, and nearly half felt no impact from the economic downturn. Perhaps most tellingly, 77% of freelancers were optimistic about their business prospects over the following 12 months. Read more...More about Graphic Design, Freelance, Job Search Series, Business, and Jobs

"The Bird" was one of the ideas considered for Twitter's original logo. That is, the extended middle finger gesture known in North America by that name. Other ideas, however, hewed closer to traditional images of birds. That, at least, is one of the takeaways from a trove of putative early sketches of what became the Twitter logo. The images, uncovered by Slate, appear to be scrawled on brown paper towels you'd find in a bathroom. Twitter's design team also appears to have posted the illustrations on Dribbble. Twitter reps could not be reached for comment. Assuming the images are on the level, it's appears the team threw out all kinds of ideas for the logo no matter how whimsical. Among the sketches, for instances, is a smoking bird and one that looks like he's wearing a wig. However some of the designs look like the image Twitter ultimately settled on. Read more...More about Twitter, Graphic Design, Logos, Social Media, and Gallery

Vancouver startup FlyingFlips wants to build a community of socially conscious graphic designers The ecommerce platform lets shoppers vote for their favorite sandal designs, which they'd like to see become available for retail. The most-popular options will be manufactured and the artists will receive a portion of the sale proceeds "We're trying to build a really good social network of graphic designers," FlyingFlips designer co-founder Trevor Broad told Mashable. "We call it open source flip flops." The site, which is hoping to receive funding from Kickstarter, says its flip flops are eco-friendly, made from 20% to 30% recycled materials, and lets you trade in used pairs. Read more...More about Crowdsourcing, Graphic Design, Social Good, Kickstarter, and Business

Everyone is looking for a way to make their resume stand out in today’s job market. One way to do that is by giving your resume some visual appeal. Well-designed resumes with color and images can attract attention over those with plain old text. That’s not to say everyone should add pictures to their resume. A graphical layout might not be for everyone, nor appropriate for every profession and industry. And if you don't have an artist's eye (or a favor to call in to a graphic designer), attempting something like this might not work out to your advantage. But if you know what you're doing, and need a little inspiration, here are 10 digital resumes with some very cool visuals. Read more...More about Lists, List, Jobs, Employment, and Business

This post originally appeared on the American Express OPEN Forum, where Mashable regularly contributes articles about leveraging social media and technology in small business. No one wants to be immortalized on a website like Clients from Hell, which documents the worst of clients from the web designers' perspective. Partly because no one wants to be that guy, but mostly because happy designers will produce better work. While some of the things you'll find on that site defy logic and should be easy to avoid, there are a few general rules you can follow to keep the designer-client relationship harmonious, productive and conducive to getting good work done. Read more...More about Lists, Web Design, Design, Graphic Design, and Advice

This post originally appeared on the American Express OPEN Forum, where Mashable regularly contributes articles about leveraging social media and technology in small business. With all the noise on the web today, good branding is more important than ever. Even if your business is not a cutting edge tech startup, the overall identity of your face on the web, social media, and your storefront should be unified, clean, and compelling. There's a lot about doing business on the web that is inexpensive and turn-key: All you need to fire up a basic website, blog, or social media presence is an e-mail address. But no web app can substitute for real design vision, and your logo is the linchpin that ties all of your business's aesthetics together. Read more...More about Corporate, List, Lists, Small Business, and Branding

This post originally appeared on the American Express OPEN Forum, where Mashable regularly contributes articles about leveraging social media and technology in small business. The importance of having an attractive website that converts visitors into buyers and helps cleverly promote your small business is essential in these fiercely competitive times Your website has to capture a visitor's attention, entice him or her to stay and browse around, create an interest in your product or service, and result in sales. For small businesses with limited time and budgets, design is an essential factor in both attracting and converting potential customers Read more...More about Small Business, Trends, Web Design, Business, and Design

If you've been on Twitter in the past month, you've probably bumped into the Fail Whale once or twice. The popular social network has been crashing pretty consistently from an influx of tweets and traffic. Seeing the whale, you (like everyone else) might have been frustrated — you might have yelled at the screen. You might hate that whale. If you do, chances are you don't know Yiying Lu or the story behind the Fail Whale, originally called "Lifting a Dreamer." The whale (first drawn as an elephant) was created by Lu as a sweet greeting to her friends overseas. The minds at Twitter found it on iStockphoto and used the image as a 404 page (replacing a picture of a LOLcat). Read more...More about Twitter, Channels, Web Design, Fail Whale, and Graphic Design

This post is part of Mashable’s Internet Week New York Channel, which is presented by HP. Check out HP’s IWNY blog for additional coverage. At the Mashable Media Summit today, Scott Belsky CEO and Founder of Behance talked about the growth of the Behance Network and some plans for the future. As a company, Behance has a number of products designed to help organize the creative worldThe Behance Network, a network that lets artists and designers show off their portfolios, is one of our favorite ways to find a designer online The Behance Network receives more than 26 million page views per month and includes Behance.net, plus sites that Behance serves like FashionServed.com and PhotographyServed.com. Read more...More about News, Internet Week Ny, Graphic Design, Web Design, and Web Development

Tomorrow Adobe Photoshop turns 20. While birthday celebrations for software might seem kind of silly, for a program like Photoshop — which has literally become a verb and has had a huge impact on the world of photography and graphic design — the partying seems justified Adobe is going all-out for the 20th anniversary, taking to Twitter and Facebook and holding parties around the globe. It's a Photoshop Party Today in the United States, the National Association of Photoshop Professionals (see, you know your software is an all-out institution when you have your own association) will be hosting a big party for more than 1,000 attendees at the Palace of Fine Arts Theater in San Francisco. Senior Adobe executives and Photoshop evangelists will all be there. You can watch the livestream of the event at http://www.photoshopuser.com/photoshop20th at 7:30 p.m. PST tonight. Read more...More about News, Adobe, Software, Channels, and Graphic Design

Whether you're artistically inclined or not, sometimes you just need to whip up an illustrative or entertaining image for a blog post or presentation. The tools on this list help you generate respectable graphics in a jiffy — design talent optional! Most of the tools on this list are web-based and as easy to use as filling in a web form. We've added a couple of desktop applications that make visual communication a lot quicker and easier, even for those of us without a ton of graphic design skills. 1. Warning Labels and Signs Advising people to the dangers of the situation has never been so easy. Simply pick a label style, a warning icon, and enter your desired text into a simple web form and voila, you've got a standup warning label. Read more...More about Web, Lists, Software, Graphics, and Images

There are thousands of designers on Twitter tweeting about everything from ongoing projects to their personal lives. But only a small percentage of those tweet about design topics of interest to other designers and design addicts. These people cover everything from their design process to their own projects, and design resources from all over the web. Below is a list of more than 85 of those Twitterers. Have another designer to recommend? Tell us about them in the comments. Multi-Disciplinary @abduzeedo - Fabio Sasso is a graphic and web designer, as well as blogger. He often retweets really useful links from all over the place and offers up his own links to content valuable to designers and creative types. A sample tweet: Read more...More about Lists, Twitter, Web Development, Web Design, and Design

Finding inspiration is not always as simple as it sounds, whether you've been designing for years or only weeks. Below is a collection of 100 great web resources to find inspiration and direction on your next project, whether it be online or in print These range from galleries of graphic and web design to online magazines and a few unconventional sources of inspiration. Keep reading to see our recommendations and then share your favorite sources of inspiration in the comments. Online Galleries Veer: Ideas - A huge idea gallery from stock photography company Veer formatted as a blog and including news and updates from the company itself. Read more...More about Web, Lists, Art, Web Design, and Design

We here at Mashable are always ready and willing to expand our view of the social networking realm top to bottom, left to right, east to west, and all the little nooks and crannies that make up the long tail of niche interests and fascinations. So, naturally I was curious when a site by the name of Tatuatori crossed our path. It is, in a few words, a venue for tattoo enthusiasts. Before you step through the door, be advised. While it is “relatively” well-known, with 150,000 monthly visits to its name, it is wholly devised for Italian language speakers. You might be able to rough your way through imagery alone, but take it as it comes, as the saying goes. Read more...More about Web, Social Networking, News, Lists, and Social