Google Glass' negative reputation stems partly from the fact that it doesn't offer enough practical applications, but a new concept video shows how the device could transform the way law-enforcement agencies and the military operate TrackingPoint, a maker of precision-guided firearms, created a concept video that illustrates how Google Glass would be used to give the shooter a safer vantage point from which to aim and fire See also: Finally, a Real Business Use for Google Glass Shotview, the company's app for iOS and Android, has the ability to send live images from TrackingPoint's networked tracking scope to Wi-Fi-enabled devices such as smartphones, tablets and a range of wearable devices. However, the demo shown in the video just a look at what could be in the near future Read more...More about Android, Software, Concept, Hardware, and Ios

Nike reportedly made an abrupt exit from the crowded wearable technology market Friday. The sportswear giant fired much of the team responsible for the development of its FuelBand and shelved plans for a new version of the fitness tracker, CNET reports Up to 55 people from Nike's 70-member hardware team were let go from the company Thursday. In an email to CNET, a Nike spokesperson confirmed "a small number of layoffs." See also: 7 Incognito Wearables You'd Never Guess Were Gadgets Despite the layoffs, Nike told Mashable "the Nike+ FuelBand SE remains an important part of our business." "We will continue to improve the Nike+ FuelBand App, launch new METALUXE colors, and we will sell and support the Nike+ FuelBand SE for the foreseeable future," said Nike spokesperson KeJuan Wilkins Read more...More about Nike, Hardware, Wearables, Small Business, and Tech

It's time to spice up your mouse Tech users are accustomed to the standard shape and size of the trusty clicking and scrolling apparatus, which has become sleeker and thinner over the years. However, plenty of designers want to shake things up even more, putting their own spin on the classic style See also: 7 Ways You're Killing Your Tech And by "spin," we mean overly ambitious and sometimes bizarre concepts — but cool, nonetheless. Here are 11 crafty mouse designs that will get your imagination wheel turning. Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Read more...More about Gadgets, Features, Mouse, Computer, and Hardware

Following Apple CEO Tim Cook’s admission during Monday’s earnings call that the iPod line is in decline, the company's web store changed to reflect that sentiment by focusing on the Apple TV Previously, the Apple TV was listed under the iPod section, but the new menu divides it into its own section, making the digital media player a full-fledged product line. That means it's officially not longer just a "hobby," as the late Steve Jobs called it years ago See also: How to Watch and Follow the Sochi Winter Olympics Online The section features categories for Apple TV accessories, refurbished versions of the device and a question-and-answer section Read more...More about Apple, Hardware, Apple Tv, Tech, and Gadgets

Although Apple remains tight-lipped about any plans to release a wearable device, the persistent rumors and concept mock-ups continue to stir excitement among fans and industry analysts alike The latest conceptual take on the rumored iWatch is a video animation that presents an extremely realistic look at how the device might work if it becomes a real product See also: Why Big Tech Companies Are Going After Smart Watches Created by San Francisco-based professional interface designer Todd Hamilton, this new iWatch concept fuses the sleek design of the Nike FuelBand with the minimalist interface treatments of Apple's iOS 7 Read more...More about Apple, Concept, Hardware, Iwatch, and Tech

Laptops can be the happy medium for PC gamers who want the comfort of playing on their couches. With the sheer power you can fit in an increasingly small computer, laptops offer gamers a chance to be mobile without sacrificing silky smooth visuals If you’re looking to invest in a laptop for gaming, you’ll have to find your personal preference in balancing power with portability. More oomph often means less mobility, either because of weight or reduced battery life. Also, think about whether you want it to be strictly a gaming machine or if you’ll be using it for multiple activities. Your needs will influence which specs are most important Read more...More about Gadgets, Gaming, Features, Tech, and Hardware

There’s nothing like that first euphoric moment just after unboxing your new iPad Air or Retina iPad mini. What usually follows is five to 10 minutes of marveling over the care and consideration Apple design chief Jony Ive put into the packaging. That includes playing with those tiny plastic doodads you’ll inevitably have to discard at some point. See also: The 25 Best Free iPad Apps But that was all just a tease leading up to the good stuff. Finally, after all the highfalutin commercial spots, media hype about supply shortages and unsuccessful attempts by competitors to sully the iPad's image, you finally have one of your very own. Now you’re just wondering how to harness all that pencil-thin tablet power sitting in your hands. Read more...More about Software, Features, Tech, Hardware, and Ipad

An optical company in the Midwest introduced a prescription glasses add-on for Google Glass on Tuesday. "We're proud to be the first optical company in the world to unveil this new technology, and we look forward to optimizing the Google Glass experience," Indiana-based Longe Optical says on its website. See also: Google Glass: I’m Not Winking at You, Just Taking Your Picture "As an optical company and eyeglass wearers ourselves, we have a pretty high level of empathy for those who need eyeglasses, and just haven't been able to utilize Glass the way it is intended," Jeff Ostermann, president of Longe Optical, told Mashable. Read more...More about Google, Hardware, Tech, Gadgets, and Mobile

If you grew up tinkering with building kits like Erector sets or Lego Mindstorms, you can probably appreciate how important such tools can be to a child’s early development Now, a Kickstarter team has created something similar that enables kids and adults alike to learn more about computers. See also: Technostalgia: 20 Misty Memories of Personal Computing Kano is a computer kit designed to help people of all ages assemble a computer from scratch, and learn basic coding skills Powered by a Raspberry Pi computing module, the kit includes two instruction manuals, a custom case, an 8GB SD card, a keyboard, a speaker, a power plug, and HDMI and mini-USB cables Read more...More about Software, Diy, Hardware, Programming, and Kickstarter

Last week’s Apple event may have been primarily devoted to the iPad, but that doesn’t mean the Cupertino, Calif. company isn’t proud of its design-centric update to the Mac Pro. That pride shines through in a new set of posters, revealed on Monday, which feature the workstation. Apple sent the posters to Seattle Times columnist Jeff Carlson, who quickly shared the images on Flickr. Carslon, an Apple connoisseur and the author of The iPad for Photographers, was impressed by the company's attention to detail, which is present even in its packaging See also: 16 Best Free Mac Apps “What strikes me more than the images is the tube: It’s not some cheap mailing tube you’d get in an office supply store,” Carlson said in a post on Tidbits, an online newsletter devoted to Apple's Macintosh Read more...More about Apple, Design, Hardware, Mac Pro, and Tech

Few of us have had the chance to test the speed and performance of Apple’s new Mac Pro, but the device is already winning praise for its bold design. Now, Apple’s design chief Jony Ive has revealed a special customized version of the Mac Pro that is set to go on auction next month See also: 16 Best Free Mac Apps Customized in collaboration with industrial designer Marc Newson, Ive will present the one-of-a-kind red Mac Pro for the pair’s Sotheby’s auction on Nov. 23. The auction, which features several items customized by Ive, drew plenty of attention last month when it was revealed that Apple's senior vice-president of design helped devise a special Leica camera for the event Read more...More about Apple, Design, Red, Hardware, and Mac Pro

Tech companies are increasingly turning to celebrities to help boost brand awareness for new products and services. And judging from a post to its Instagram account, Lenovo is also jumping on this trend. The post, below, which features Ashton Kutcher sitting outside at a table in front of a Lenovo sign, appeared on Instagram Wednesday The actor will join Lenovo for a special event on Oct. 29, according to a Bloomberg report published Tuesday. While an endorsement from one of America's most recognizable faces is definitely a coup for Beijing-based Lenovo, there is some irony in the fact that Kutcher starred as Apple’s late CEO Steve Jobs in the recent film Jobs. Read more...More about Software, Hardware, Ashton Kutcher, Film, and Tv

A new rivalry between Apple and Microsoft appears to be simmering now that both companies are competing for the hearts and minds of tablet consumers See also: The 11 Worst Things About iOS 7 A fresh volley was delivered on Wednesday when Microsoft’s corporate vice-president of communications, Frank Shaw, posted a message to the Redmond, Wash. company’s official blog Directly referencing Apple’s announcement on Tuesday that iWork and iLife will now come free with the purchase of every new Mac or iOS device, Shaw wrote: Since iWork has never gotten much traction, and was already priced like an afterthought, it’s hardly that surprising or significant a move. And it doesn’t change the fact that it’s much harder to get work done on a device that lacks precision input and a desktop for true side-by-side multitasking. Read more...More about Microsoft, Software, Apple, Hardware, and Surface

Give away the razor handles, make money on the razor blades. That was received wisdom in business for much of the 20th century: If you hook your customers with a free or very cheap product below cost, you can charge a lot more for the necessary add-ons to that product Videogame companies have been doing exactly that for years: sell the consoles for less than what they cost to manufacture, then offer games for $50 a pop. The whole PC ecosystem was arranged this way: laptops and desktops were as cheap as you could make them, while users spent the big bucks on their Windows, Office and other software licenses. Read more...More about Apps, Software, Apple, Hardware, and Icloud

Following the loud and frequent requests from users and analysts alike to bump up the display quality of the iPad mini, Apple has finally introduced a Retina version of the iPad mini, and we have a hands-on video of what it looks like Mashable’s own Lance Ulanoff takes us through a brief tour of what the new Retina version of the iPad mini has to offer in the video above See also: The 25 Best Free iPad Apps Since the new Retina iPad mini fulfills the most requested feature update, it’s likely to be an instant hit when it goes on sale. However, some may be disappointed that the iPad mini nor the iPad Air feature the fingerprint sensor already in play on the iPhone 5S. Maybe next year. Read more...More about Apple, Hardware, Tablets, Tech, and Dev Design

If you tend to misplace your belongings — your wallet, smartphone, laptop, or even your kid — Linquet is your new best friend The cloud-based app is focused on preventing the loss in the first place, rather than trying to find your things once they're already missing, Linquet founder Pooya Kazerouni explained to Mashable. See also: These 11 Apps Will Supercharge Your Personal Life After you download Linquet on your Android or iPhone, you can stick the small white tags (not much bigger than a quarter) to your computer or hook them onto a keychain. Sync the tags with your phone via Bluetooth, and you'll be able to keep tabs on any item you like. Those tags have embedded alarms that go off when you stray too far from them, and you can customize the volume and ringtone for each. An alarm will also sound on your phone, helping you locate your wallet or bag through the cloud. Read more...More about Apps, Track, Loss, Cloud, and Hardware

As futuristic as it may still sound, syncing up your home's appliances and controlling them with your mobile device is science fact, not science fiction. Several products are on the market, but a new one stands out because it not only links up your whole house, it works in unison with your existing automated systems. In July, Revolv, a Colorado company incubated out of the startup accelerator TechStars, announced pre-sales for Smart Home Solution, which makes your entertainment system, wireless lighting, automated locks, and thermostat all accessible and controllable via your iPhone or iPad. See also: Give Dad the Ultimate Remote Control for His Connected Home Read more...More about Gadgets, Home, Hardware, Internet Of Things, and Belkin

Rohan Agrawal builds robots — and he's not even a teenager yet. While most kids his age likely spent their summer playing video games or on the monkey bars, the 12-year-old wunderkind tinkered away at an internship making robots from scratch. The pre-teen spent the last few months at OLogic, a Sunnyvale, Calif., company known for designing robots for Google and Disney. While there, Agrawal built a device capable of autonomously delivering bags of potato chips throughout the office. See also: 9 Robotic Inventions That Are Already Among Us "I'm self taught," says Agrawal, who started programming at age 4, and tells Mashable his first language was HTML. "My mom showed me Google once and I was really fascinated by it. I asked her how it works and she told me you use this thing called HTML." Read more...More about Developers, Kids, Diy, Robots, and Building

Many American companies have long been barred from selling a wide variety of goods and services to Iran, but communications hardware and software firms just got the go-ahead to conduct business with Iranian citizens. Computer hardware, cellphones and chat software are all fair game under the Treasury Department's new license for American businesses issued Thursday. Everything from the Apple iPhone to WhatsApp mobile messaging software is covered by the new rules SEE ALSO: Stolen Laptop Sends Mystery Pictures from Iran American companies are still prohibited by the order from providing communications hardware or software to the Iranian government and from selling commercial-grade equipment to Iranians. Read more...More about Software, Hardware, Iran, Apps Software, and Us World

If Polytron Technologies has its way, you'll barely be able to see your next smartphone The Taiwan-based manufacturer has released a futuristic-looking prototype for what it hopes will be the world's first transparent smartphone. The product, which remains in its early stages, is made from Polytron's Polyvision Privacy Glass. The glass is opaque when powered off, but it appearance transforms when electricity is applied. According to Polytron's website, "the liquid crystal molecules line up, the incident light passes through, and Polyvision looks clear." Technically, the glass design isn't completely see-through — the batteries and SIM card remain visible, as does the power switch up top Read more...More about Smartphone, Innovation, Hardware, Tech, and Dev Design

Have you ever struggled with taking a picture outdoors on your iPhone because of the oppressive glare of the sun washing out the Retina display? A new Kickstarter project might have the perfect solution for you. The Daylight Viewfinder attaches to an iPhone 4, 4S, or the newest iPod Touch or iPad. The Viewfinder blocks out external light, letting you see your phone's screen glare-free to take a photo. When you're not using the Viewfinder, it collapses and becomes small enough to carry around in a pocket or purse. SEE ALSO: How Kickstarter Is Saving Hardware Innovation Creator Paul Anderson set up the project on crowdfunding site Kickstarter with an ambitious $44,000 goal to get the equipment he needs to start mass producing the Viewfinder. So far, he's got 18 backers who've pitched in $400 Read more...More about Video, Iphone, Photography, Hardware, and Trending

Pebble Technology, the startup behind Pebble Watch, couldn't find venture capitalists to back it. But within 28 hours of putting the project on Kickstarter, it had raised more than $1 million Pebble isn't the only hardware startup to run into fundraising roadblocks before finding success on Kickstarter. As Robert Fabricant, a vice president at product design firm Frog, put it in a recent Fast Company article: "It is still damn hard to get a VC to go along with any startup involving hardware, unless you have already locked in distribution with Best Buy or Walmart." Kickstarter, meanwhile, favors cool gadgets that can be easily demonstrated in videos over the apps and cloud-based software that have become VC darlings. The top six most popular tech projects on Kickstarter this week are all hardware projects Read more...More about Startups, Features, Hardware, Crowdfunding, and Kickstarter

Microsoft has been making hardware for a long time. That’s right — the company best known for its world-dominating operating system, Windows, has been spitting out gadgets for 30 years And while they haven't always been pretty, some of these devices have become industry, business and household staples. During my recent trip to Microsoft’s sprawling Redmond campus, I was led into a room that one might call the hardware vault. This relatively small conference room did not include every piece of hardware Microsoft has ever made, but it did offer an impressive collection and glimpses of more than a few classics. Read more...More about Microsoft, Keyboard, Hardware, Mice, and Tech

Apple is putting the finishing touches on a 15-inch ultra-portable MacBook Air/Pro hybrid that could make its debut this holiday season, according to multiple reports. While Macrumors is scant on details about the next-generation Apple computer, it is likely to drop the optical disc drive and utilize a solid state drive instead of a hard disk drive. These are two of the MacBook Air's defining features. A follow-up report from TUAW corroborates the Macrumors report. In addition, TUAW claims that the new device will be part of the MacBook Pro product line and not the MacBook Air family. It also claims that a 17-inch model is also being developed and that both models could make their debut during the 2011 holiday season. Read more...More about News, Apple, Hardware, Macbook Pro, and Macbook

If you've always wanted to tinker with hardware — up to and including building robots — but didn't know how to start, Grant Imahara of the science-themed, blow-em-up TV show MythBusters has some advice: "Anything that's already broken is fair game! The worst-case scenario is it stays broken. The best-case scenario is you find out how it works or, even better, transform it into something else." Hardware hacking, like other kinds of hacking, boils down to getting your hands dirty and possessing a desire to know what makes things tick. And for many hackers, that desire starts at an early age. "I think it's something you're born with — the desire to know how things work inside," Imahara tells Mashable. "And you can tell your kid is a hardware hacker if none of the Hot Wheels cars have wheels, if the remote control gets take apart on a weekly basis. Read more...More about Gadgets, Hacking, Developers, Robots, and Hardware

Google and Samsung have unveiled the "world's first chromebook," the Chromebook Series 5. We had the opportunity to take it for a test drive. On Wednesday, Google announced the upcoming availability of Google Chrome OS notebooks. The first devices will make their debut on June 15 on Amazon.com, Best Buy and other stores in the UK, France, Germany, Italy and The Netherlands. Sundar Pichai, Google's SVP of Chrome, revealed that Acer and Samsung would produce the initial devices. At a starting price of $429, the Samsung Chromebook Series 5 is cheaper than an iPad, standard laptop or MacBook. But is its hardware, speed and Chrome OS software enough to get consumers to pull out their credit cards? Read more...More about Google, News, Review, Gallery, and Photos