I'm standing on the roof of a building in the middle of the night. Below me, framed in bright lights, a man is being beaten to death. The sounds are hard to make out, but he screams as officers surround him, kick his body, tase him. The woman next to me jumps up and down, crying, imploring the officers to stop attacking the man. "He's not resisting!" I'm watching Anastasio Hernandez Rojas die, after he attempted to cross the U.S.-Mexico border in 2010. Rojas had lived in San Diego since he was 14, and had five children there, but had been deported two months prior Except the scene isn't live. Nor is it a video recording. It's somewhere, eerily, in between. It's a virtual reality representation based on real events Read more...More about Media, Entertainment, Gaming, Features, and Tech

Fitbit just got a little smarter and a lot better at tracking activity while you exercise. The company updated its iOS app Wednesday with new run and exercise-tracking features. See also: 12 Apps You'll Use This Weekend Fitbit's biggest update is the addition of a new run-tracking feature called MobileRun, which keeps tabs on your pace, distance, split times, route and other stats in real-time. It even has built-in music controls, so you can manage your playlist from within the app while you run Fitbit also has a new section in its dashboard where you can track your exercise patterns, including runs, over time. The app doesn't natively track workouts aside from running, but it can now pull in data from other Fitbit-compatible apps where you may record exercise routines, such as MyFitnessPal, and incorporate those stats into your activity log and calorie estimates. Read more...More about Apps, Tech, Fitness Apps, Ios Apps, and Apps Software

Google announced on Wednesday during its Google I/O Developers Conference a new initiative called Google Fit for Android, which will serve as a fitness and health tracking platform. The company announced that Google Fit is an open platform that is now available for developers. The platform SDK will be available in just a few weeks. See also: Google Smartwatches Are Now on Sale By using sensors on mobile devices and wearables — like Google's smartwatch collection — users will be able to have a better handle on their various health and fitness-related data to give better recommendations. For example, weightloss app Noom (an early partner of Google Fit) can combine workout data, your weight in real-time (it works with the Withings smart scale) and your eating habits, it monitors your activity and makes suggestions (i.e. when your cookie habit is getting too high, it will intervene). Read more...More about Google, Tech, Apps Software, Mobile, and Health Fitness

We're going on the record here: Sriracha is the best spicy condiment known to mankind. Don't get us wrong, we appreciate Tabasco and Tapatío, but in the land of spicy, sriracha is king. Its spicy and tangy flavor is like a birthday present to the palette, a splash of flavor heaven that makes the perfect companion to an endless amount of consumables, including your alcoholic beverages. See also: 20 Ways to Incorporate Sriracha Into Your Meals Why not enjoy a bit of earth's finest flavor while you try to get your drink on? Sriracha should be embraced to its fullest extent, especially when you're getting drunk. Read more...More about Lists, Recipe, Cocktails, Summer, and Alcohol

Your Pebble smartwatch will be able to do double-duty as a fitness tracker, thanks to a new partnership with Misfit. Misfit makes fitness and sleep monitor Shine, and worked with Pebble to create a watchapp that lets Pebble owners count steps and track activities without needing a smartphone. The watchapp will also interact with an upcoming version of Misfit's iOS app to offer additional tracking metrics, such as calories burned and distance traveled See also: The Complete Guide to the Pebble Smartwatch Misfit is the latest company Pebble is working with to extend the functionality of its smartwatch. There are already Pebble apps for RunKeeper, Puma and Strava, and many other third parties have written apps to take advantage of Pebble's accelerometer, or to pair with existing smartphone apps. Read more...More about Wearables, Tech, Apps Software, Gadgets, and Mobile

Many health-centric wearables focus on tracking your daily activities— whether it's steps taken, calories consumed or hours of sleep— to make you smarter about your body. But a new wearable aims to make you smarter about the way you hear. Soundhawk is an app-enabled listening device that aims to enhance hearing by allowing the wearer to customize their listening experience to their environment. See also: Is Wearable Tech Ready for the Red Carpet? Unlike hearing aids, the Soundhawk only goes in one ear and is not intended for people that have hearing impairments or disabilities. Instead, says Soundhawk CEO Michael Kisch, the device is meant for those that simply need extra help hearing in specific situations, such as noisy restaurants or while walking in large crowds. Read more...More about Tech, Gadgets, and Health Fitness

One of life's most perplexing existential questions gets a lot more complicated when you factor in social media. While there's no definitive answer to what happens to us when we die, Dan Shaffer at WebpageFX put together a visual guide to social media life after death. While Twitter will start deleting accounts after six months of inactivity, most other social networks won't touch your profile unless specifically asked by a family member or an agent of law enforcement. Whether your account is deleted or deactivated, your data will be interred with your profile, and will typically only be unearthed if needed for a legal investigation. Read more...More about Social Media, Features, Privacy, Death, and Infographics

Smart gadget company Withings, known largely for its popular smart scale, just launched a wristband activity tracker that looks far more like a watch than others we've seen to date. In fact, the wearable is — dare we say it? — beautiful The Withings Activité is a Swiss-made timepiece that monitors steps taken, calories burned, distance traveled and sleep patterns. It doesn't come with the technology found in a typical smartwatch (like notifications and text messages), but it's a smart device with a traditional watch face. And sure, fitness trackers are neither new nor unique these days, but its design is something worth appreciating. Read more...More about Withings, Tech, Apps Software, Mobile, and Smartwatch

New York legislators agreed to legalize some forms of medical marijuana on Thursday — but still won't allow patients to take a puff Doctors — and only doctors — will be allowed to prescribe New Yorkers with vaporized and oil-based marijuana as well as marijuana pills to calm pain that can be associated with diseases such as AIDS, cancer, multiple sclerosis and epilepsy Gov. Andrew Cuomo is expected to sign the bill on Friday. Though the legislation is a win for medical marijuana activists, it didn't include some provisions they believe are important See also: Cannabis-Friendly Concerts Put Colorado Symphony on a High Note Read more...More about New York, Legal, Smoking, Us World, and Politics

Either people are sticking to their New Year's resolutions, or interest in fitness has found new life through technology. Health and fitness app usage is up 62% in the past six months. According to Flurry Insights, health and fitness tracking apps are growing 87% faster than any other app category. See also: 14 Hot Fitness Gadgets to Make You Sweat While tech companies have been trying to impact the health industry for years, consumer interest has been reignited thanks to wearable fitness trackers like the Fitbit and Jawbone UP, as well as rumors that Apple is gearing up to launch a wearable (possibly called the iWatch), which will likely have a strong focus on health. Read more...More about Apps, Fitness, Tech, Apps Software, and Mobile

Is that big interview stressing you out? A new wearable may be able to tell you how to fix that. Spire is a device that measures your breathing rhythms to deduce stress levels, its website says. It then provides suggestions on how to combat those stress symptoms, such as taking deep breaths. Spire clips onto a belt or shirt and tracks movement and corresponding breaths, which it then sends to your smartphone. A Spire app then sends the data to the cloud for analysis See also: 7 Simple Ways to Improve Your Mental Health "Spire does not try to remove all your stress," the website reads. "It tries to help you manage it effectively and keep it in balance." Read more...More about Health, Stress, Long Deep Breathing, Tech, and Gadgets

E-cigarette company executives were forced to defend their marketing campaigns from critics, including U.S. senators, at a hearing on Wednesday that discussed the impact of e-cigarette advertising on children and teens Health advocates said they feel e-cigarette ads target kids in ways similar to old cigarette ads did, using everything from cartoons to sexual innuendo. Ads for combustible cigarettes have long been banned because they can cause a litany of health complications, but e-cigarette marketing is almost unregulated. See also: E-Cigarette Liquid Nicotine: Toxic, Unregulated and Overhyped Read more...More about Marketing, Children, Advertisements, Advertising, and Gadgets

Update Wednesday, 6:04pm: Amazon tells us that "Fire has Bluetooth 3.0 for connectivity now and we’ll update to support Bluetooth LE." So that's good news for the future of Fire. Amazon's new Fire Phone will let you scan millions of objects instantly — but can you use it with your Fitbit? After taking a closer look at the Fire Phone's official specifications on Wednesday, we noticed an interesting anomaly: It doesn't support Bluetooth 4.0 LE (low energy). Bluetooth LE, also known as Bluetooth Smart, is the latest development in Bluetooth. Most notably, it lets devices connect without requiring as much power, which is why you only need to charge your Jawbone UP24 once a week. It's an integral part of the burgeoning home automation market and a popular feature on smartwatches, health trackers and iBeacon. Read more...More about Amazon, Fitness, Wearables, Bluetooth, and Tech

If bananas weren't a super food before, these "super bananas" make a case for the fruit's place among the nutritious elite. Bananas genetically engineered to improve the nutrient-deficient lives of millions in Africa will soon be sent to the U.S. to start human trials, according to a release. See also: Rejoice! Now You Can Use a Banana as a Keyboard The human clinical trials will test the ability of the bananas, which are enriched with alpha and beta carotene, to increase vitamin A levels in humans. Alpha and beta carotene are converted to the vitamin by our bodies A cross-section of the "super banana" shows the orange-colored interior due to the increased concentration of alpha and beta carotene.Image: NIH Read more...More about Bill Gates, Australia, Bill And Melinda Gates Foundation, Us World, and Us

When people think of "wearable technology" they often envision an entertaining gadget designed to deliver general information (think FitBit or the Samsung Galaxy Gear) But one of the most important frontiers of the wearable tech space is in the medical field, and a new research project promises to deliver a much needed tool to those with type 1 diabetes: a bionic pancreas See also: 7 Mobile Apps to Help Manage Diabetes Developed by a group comprised of researchers from Boston University and Massachusetts General Hospital, the details behind the Bionic Pancreas were published this week in the New England Journal of Medicine. After testing the system with 52 subjects, the research group concluded "the use of the bihormonal bionic pancreas in our two short-term studies resulted in better glycemic control than is possible with the current standard of care." Read more...More about Health, Apps, Iphone, Science, and Medical

WebMD is known for answering your ailment queries — and sometimes giving you mini-panic attacks during self-diagnosis along the way — but like Apple and so many others, the company wants in on the fitness tracking and health monitoring craze, too On Monday, WebMD launched a new program in its iOS app called Healthy Target that works with activity trackers like Fitbit and Jawbone, as well as glucometers and wireless scales, to aggregate and pull in health data See also: Look Out, Apple: Google May Launch a Health-Data App Similar to Apple's recently announced HealthKit platform, Healthy Target (within the WebMD app, which has 20 million users) aims to helps users manage their health and chronic conditions. (Google is also reportedly looking to launch its own app called Google Fit that collects and aggregates data from fitness trackers and health apps). Read more...More about Mobile, Health, Apps, Apple, and Fitness

Tony Gwynn, one of Major League Baseball's all-time great hitters, died Monday at age 54 after more than three years struggling with cancer. Gwynn attributed his cancer to a longtime habit of chewing tobacco. Throughout his career, he had several growths surgically removed from his mouth, and was officially diagnosed with cancer of a salivary gland in 2011. See also: Measles Vaccine Wipes Out Cancer in Groundbreaking Test Gwynn played 20 seasons in the league, during which he became the face of the San Diego Padres—both for his incredible hitting streak and his work in the city. The Padres confirmed their former star's death on Twitter. Read more...More about Baseball, Entertainment, Us, Sports, and Family Parenting

Now that it's summer, you may have suddenly looked down to find a shocking sight — your feet. After months of being shoved in snow boots, sweating through rough wool socks and generally surviving the polar vortex, your feet are in desperate need for some maintenance. See also: 12 DIY Tricks For the Perfect Beach Day Remember to treat your feet before you strap on your favorite pair of sandals for the season. These DIY tips will help your tips prepare for the warm weather. Read more... More about Lists, Diy, Beauty, Summer, and Lifestyle

Vinegar isn't just for salad dressings anymore. The kitchen cabinet staple is handy when it comes to meal time, but with a little DIY know-how, this acetic acid can work hard in the kitchen and beyond. See also: 27 DIY Tricks to Master Your Kitchen With so many beauty, health and household benefits that vinegar has to offer, such a sour liquid can start to seem pretty sweet. Read more... More about Lists, Diy, Facts, Lifestyle, and Health Fitness

Pinterest, it's time to fess up. You've been leading us on for far too long. We love browsing pin boards for life hacks, DIY crafts and recipes. But there's nothing more disappointing than trying out a project, only to fail miserably. See also: 11 DIY Apartment Fixes Anyone Can Handle It's not always the pinner's fault. Even when you follow directions to a T, you can still fall victim to Pinterest's beautifully curated deception. It's time to debunk some of these too-good-to-be-true hacks and stop gobbling them up like so much double fudge mug cake. Put down your mason jars, pinners, and start thinking before your pin. Read more...More about Lists, Diy, Pinterest, Lifestyle, and Health Fitness



Now that it's summer, you may have suddenly looked down to find a shocking sight — your feet. After months of being shoved in snow boots, sweating through rough wool socks and generally surviving the polar vortex, your feet are in desperate need for some maintenance. See also: 12 DIY Tricks For the Perfect Beach Day Remember to treat your feet before you strap on your favorite pair of sandals for the season. These DIY tips will help your tips prepare for the warm weather. Read more... More about Lists, Diy, Beauty, Summer, and Lifestyle

Vinegar isn't just for salad dressings anymore. The kitchen cabinet staple is handy when it comes to meal time, but with a little DIY know-how, this acetic acid can work hard in the kitchen and beyond. See also: 27 DIY Tricks to Master Your Kitchen With so many beauty, health and household benefits that vinegar has to offer, such a sour liquid can start to seem pretty sweet. Read more... More about Lists, Diy, Facts, Lifestyle, and Health Fitness

Pinterest, it's time to fess up. You've been leading us on for far too long. We love browsing pin boards for life hacks, DIY crafts and recipes. But there's nothing more disappointing than trying out a project, only to fail miserably. See also: 11 DIY Apartment Fixes Anyone Can Handle It's not always the pinner's fault. Even when you follow directions to a T, you can still fall victim to Pinterest's beautifully curated deception. It's time to debunk some of these too-good-to-be-true hacks and stop gobbling them up like so much double fudge mug cake. Put down your mason jars, pinners, and start thinking before your pin. Read more...More about Lists, Diy, Pinterest, Lifestyle, and Health Fitness

Health tracking and connected devices came back into the spotlight last week during WWDC when Apple announced its upcoming HomeKit and HealthKit platforms, which tackle health tracking and the Internet of Things, respectively. A new startup is combining the two with Vessyl, a sensor-enabled cup that can perform a detailed analysis of what's inside. See also: 10 High-Tech Gadgets for a Cutting-Edge Kitchen Vessyl is equipped with an array of sensors that can analyze a cup's contents by volume, nutritional info and beverage type — down to the brand and flavor Pour a drink into the cup and lift it up, and the cup's exterior will display the name of the beverage and relevant nutritional info. Pour a glass of juice into Vessyl, for example, and the cup will show you the calorie count and sugar content of the drink. An accompanying mobile app can display your stats as well as contextual information, such as whether you are close to meeting your protein goal or your caffeine intake Read more...More about Tech, Startups, Dev Design, Health Fitness, and Fitness Tracker

What if you could scan an apple in the grocery store and immediately see what it's made of, how many calories are in it and how sweet it is? One group of scientists is making it possible. SCiO is a pocket-sized molecular sensor patented by Consumer Physics Inc., a startup based out of Tel Aviv, Israel. By placing the sensor near an object and pressing the button for two seconds, SCiO can immediately analyze the object's chemical makeup and send the information via cloud to the user's smartphone, which then shows the desired information on the screen See also: 6 Creative Hacks for Your Smartphone Read more...More about Gadget, Calorie, Tech, Apps Software, and Gadgets

Food produces fond memories, from reliving happy family dinners to simply satisfying a sweet tooth. But a darker side also exists when finding comfort in food. After struggling with her own food challenges, artist Lee Price began painting a deeply personal series of self-portraits. Her hyperrealistic paintings, depicting stolen moments of binge eating, convey the difficult relationship many people experience while seeking solace through food. See also: Photo Series Looks at the Grotesque Side of Beauty Rituals "When we are not able to sit with uncomfortable feelings, we tend to grab for things to distract ourselves — whether that be food, television, alcohol, drugs," Price said in an interview with Mashable Read more...More about Art, Photography, Paintings, Pics, and Conversations

Apple announced this week that it's joining the smart-home revolution by creating a platform, called HomeKit, that will eventually allow people use their iPhone to control their house — everything from the locks and lights to the thermostat and refrigerator. By getting developers to build on HomeKit, Apple wants to turn the iPhone and iPad into hubs for how smart products talk to each other in the home. See also: Apple Reveals iOS 8: Interactive Notifications, Health App and More Although Google hasn't announced plans for a similar network, we know it's eyeing home automation too. It recently acquired smart thermostat and fire alarm company Nest for $3.2 billion — not to mention it reportedly seeking a possible acquisition of startup Dropcam, which makes Wi-Fi-connected cameras that can record and share footage in the cloud. Read more...More about Google, Mobile, Apple, Tech, and Apps Software

The room full of developers at Apple's big WWDC keynote event in San Francisco this week broke out in applause multiple times as SVP Craig Federighi unveiled HealthKit, a new platform for health and fitness apps that will be released with iOS 8 On the other side of the world, however, Alison Hardacre and her team had a very different reaction See also: WhatsApp's CEO Is Not Very Happy With Apple Right Now "We were pretty shocked when we saw they were using our name," says Hardacre, who is the cofounder and managing director of HealthKit, an Australian healthcare startup. "We had absolutely no advanced warning — none!" Read more...More about Apple, Startups, Business, Apps Software, and Health Fitness

You're a very busy person: Meetings, manicure appointments and walking your dog take up a lot of your schedule. When you can barely sneak a few extra minutes of shuteye, how can you possibly find the time to attempt to work out? Put Candy Crush away and prepare to turn your boring morning commute into a thrilling, full-body, gut-busting workout session. See also: 11 People Who Should Cancel Their Gym Memberships Have fun on the way to the office with these 10 invigorating exercises. You'll earn a new respect at the office as someone who takes charge of their life and means it when they add time management as a skill on Linkedin Read more...More about Video, Lists, Humor, Gym, and Watercooler

Approximately 57.7 million American adults experience diagnosable mental health disorders each year, but widespread stigma prevents many of them from seeking adequate help. The City of Philadelphia — where one in four residents will be affected by a mental illness in 2014 — wants to spread awareness and offer support in a simple, inspiring way: by promising to listen. See also: 10 Innovations That Improved the World in 2013 Tuesday, June 3 marks the first-ever #IWillListen Day, when Philadelphians can join a citywide conversation on mental health by pledging via social media to listen to others, without judgment. There will also be a health fair with various participating organizations taking place in the city's Love Park. Read more...More about Health, Social Good, Mental Health, Facebook, and Twitter

Image: MashableSoaking up the sun is fun, but dealing with lobster-red sunburns isn't. Before you break out the swimwear and hit the beach this summer, you may find yourself with sunburn- and sunscreen-related concerns. See also: 20 Searches Made Ridiculous by Google Autocomplete Don't worry — you're not aloneYahoo has released the top questions its users have been searching for when it comes to sunburn. Now, discover the answers to these burning curiosities: Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Read more...More about Yahoo, Travel, Search Engine, Features, and Vacation

Plus-size swimwear company Swimsuits For All is proving sexiness comes in all sizes with a re-enactment of the Sports Illustrated 2014 Swimsuit Edition cover The original cover, featuring supermodels Chrissy Teigen, Lily Aldridge and Nina Agdal, was released in February and showcased barely-there bikini bottoms. Instead, Swimsuits for All's image features plus-size models Robyn Lawley, Jada Sezer, Shareefa J and fashion blogger Gabi Gregg — proving that "sexy curves go beyond a size four." See also: Are Only 'Attractive' Types of Nudity OK on Instagram? Image: Swimsuits For All “I think it’s sad that the representatives of women in mainstream culture are usually so small because we have such a diversity of sizes in the real world,” says Gregg in the video above. "So many women see those girls and think they have to look like them." Read more...More about Health, Body Image, Advertising, Media, and Conversations

Groceries are so expensive these days. But you can easily turn food into a fun and frugal adventure by regrowing new produce from leftovers. What kind of sorcery are we talking about? With varying degrees of difficulty, your used veggies can grow new life. The timeline varies from a couple of weeks to three years, but you can have fresh, regrown produce that only requires tap water and soil. See also: Cheap Eats: 5 iPhone Apps for Frugal Foodies Prepare to be astounded. This new hobby could take root in your kitchen for generations to come. Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Read more...More about Lists, Frugal, Gardening, Pics, and Lifestyle

During the week, we consume words in snackable, tweetable bites. But on the weekends, we have the time to take a dive into the murkier, lengthier depths of the Internet and expand our attention spans beyond 140 characters. We can brew a cup of coffee and lie back with our iPads, laptops, smartphones and Kindles. Since you're bound to miss a few things during the daily grind, we present to you, in our weekly installation of Mashable Must Reads, a curated list of can't-miss stories from around the web to read and reflect on. (You can find last week's must reads here). Read more... Meet the Man Hired to Make Sure the Snowden Docs Aren't Hacked | Mashable More about Soccer, Video Games, World Cup, Gaming, and Gadgets

In the 1988 sci-fi flick They Live, a local drifter named John Nada stumbles upon a magic pair of sunglasses that give him the ability to see aliens. Turns out, the entire ruling class in America are nothing but aliens disguised as humans, and they're controlling society through subliminal messages in TV ads. Being both an action film and the '80s, it takes a predictable turn: Nada grabs a shotgun, flips on his shades and restores democratic order, all while coining the catchphrase, "I have come here to chew bubblegum and kick ass. And I'm all out of bubblegum." There's "Nada" flaw in the entire film. Read more...More about Videos, Lists, Features, Tech, and Wearable Tech

A 23-year-old taxi driver who was friends with the now-deceased Boston bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev has been charged with obstructing the investigation of the blasts that killed three and injured 260 at the Boston Marathon last year. According to the federal indictment, Khairullozhon Matanov was charged with one count of "destroying, altering and falsifying records, documents and tangible objects in a federal investigation" after his arrest on Friday See also: 15 Uplifting Photos From the Boston Marathon Matanov, who is from Kyrgyzstan and legally entered the United States in 2010, has also been charged with three counts of "making a materially false, fictitious and fraudulent statement in a federal investigation involving international and domestic terrorism." He faces up to 20 years in prison and a potential $250,000 fine. Read more...More about Investigation, Us World, Us, World, and Health Fitness

Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki resigned on Friday after meeting with President Barack Obama at the White House. Shinseki's departure comes after days of withering criticism from across the political spectrum, as scores of senators called for him to step down amid growing allegations of misconduct at VA branches throughout the country. Obama, speaking at a White House press conference, said he accepted Shinseki's resignation "with considerable regret." Sloan Gibson, who was deputy secretary of veterans affairs, will now serve as the acting secretary, Obama said. Shinseki, a retired four-star general, had already come under scrutiny for initial allegations that 40 veterans had died while they were on a secret appointment waiting list at the Phoenix VA medical center that was meant to cover up the amount of time it took for veterans to land a checkup. Read more...More about Barak Obama, Resigns, Us World, Politics, and Us

UPDATE, May 30, 11:30 a.m. ET Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki has resigned. Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki stood firm at a Friday morning press conference as he announced the start of VA reforms amid calls for his resignation. He was set to meet with President Barack Obama later in the morning, but while he apologized publicly, he did not appear to indicate any willingness to step down. See also: The Uniform That Makes Soldiers' Body Heat Invisible to Enemies Shinseki was speaking to the National Coalition for Homeless Veterans to discuss his department's progress in reducing the number of homeless veterans across the United States, but he paused to address the "elephant in the room" at the end of his speech. Read more...More about Military, Us World, Politics, Us, and Health Fitness

Update: 4:55 p.m. ET: Senators Tim Kaine (D-Virginia), Mary Landrieu (D-Louisiana) and  Jeff Merkley (D-Oregon) have also joined the rising tide of democratic senators calling for the resignation of Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki, bringing the total number to 11. Representative Steve Israel (D-New York) also called on the secretary to relinquish his title. Though he's not a member of the Senate, he does chair the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, and his voice adds weight to what is an increasingly bipartisan call for Shinseki to step down. A growing wave of politicians have called on Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki to resign following a report from the Department of Veterans Affairs inspector general's office that turned up a fresh set of fraud allegations against the organization. Read more...More about Democrats, John Mccain, Us World, Politics, and Us

Of course people doing CrossFit film themselves doing CrossFit The overexposed fitness trend challenges followers to high-intensity workouts formerly reserved for Olympians and powerlifters. All that weightlifting and calisthenics puts serious pressure on the body and the gym equipment, resulting in some heavyweight fails. See also: 14 People Who Don't Know How to Treadmill YouTube channel FailArmy has the ultimate compilation of overambitious gym rats trying to whip themselves into shape Try not to break a sweat while watching every last CrossFit fail. Maybe it's better to just stay inside this summer. Read more...More about Viral Videos, Fitness, Watercooler, Videos, and Health Fitness

Sometimes, sitting on the couch and guzzling Cheetos like they're going out of production is the perfect remedy to get you out of that sour mood. Other times we need a little less messy inspiration. Everyone could use a few words of wisdom to boost every now and then to lift your spirits and put your mind back in focus. See also: 10 Quotes for People Who Hate Mornings So take these quotes to heart, then try to peel yourself off the couch and do something meaningful today — life is beautiful, and far too short to waste all day online. Read more... More about Lists, Quotes, Watercooler, Conversations, and Health Fitness

Sorry, hot dog — the hamburger is undoubtedly the star of American barbecues Whether they're stuffed with cheese, slathered in ketchup or topped with bacon, there's nothing more satisfying than a perfectly grilled burger. See also: Knitted Food Photography Looks Good Enough to Eat For National Hamburger Day, the exquisite tastebuds of the Institute of Culinary Education shared a few favorite variations on the classic burger, plus one recipe that's fit for the resident herbivore at the barbecue. Image: Flickr, Matt Gibson 1. Bacon and Blue Cheese-Stuffed Burgers From James Briscone 4 ounces sliced bacon cut into 1-inch pieces 1 cup diced yellow onion4 ounces crumbled blue cheese 3 pounds ground beefFresh ground black pepper Read more...More about Recipes, Food And Drink, Pics, Lifestyle, and Health Fitness

Hoping to take the lead in the race to build the ultimate wearable device, Samsung offered a sneak peak Wednesday at its next-generation health-tracking wristband, known as the Simband Using different wavelengths of light beamed at your skin, Simband will track multiple measures of its wearer's health continuously, such as blood pressure, respiration, heart rate, hydration level, and the amount of carbon dioxide in your blood See also: Samsung Gear Fit Is Beautiful, Inside and Out The one Simband demonstrated on stage at Samsung's "Voice of the Body" event in San Francisco showed a continuous stream of heartbeat information, seismograph-style, such as one might see on a hospital-grade ECG machine. A "shuttle battery" will allow you to wear the device 24 hours a day, charging it on your wrist while you sleep. Read more...More about Samsung, Wearable Tech, Tech, Gadgets, and Health Fitness

Women and girls of reproductive age comprise more than half the global female population, yet various parts of the world still view menstruation — a normal biological process that indicates reproductive health — with stigma. According to survey results released by WaterAid in 2012, 48% of girls in Iran and 10% of girls in India believed menstruation is a disease. A UNICEF study showed that 66% of girls in South Asia knew nothing of menstruation before their first period. In certain cultures, menstruating women are isolated, impeding their overall hygiene and access to education. See also: 10 Innovations That Improved the World in 2013 Read more...More about Health, Features, Women, Social Good, and Medicine

Coffee addicts all take their caffeine kick differently. Some like it iced, others go for black and a few prefer it injected directly into their neck vein. While our consumption styles vary, it is very clear that in 2014, the world runs on a small, smashed up bean dissolved in hot water. See also: What Your Coffee Preference Says About You About 83% of American adults drink coffee, a number that shows no sign of decreasing, seeing as how we're insane and headache-riddled without it. We've broken down the various types of coffee junkies you see every day, all completely, hopelessly addicted to their own personal form of wake-up juice. Read more...More about Lists, Coffee, Humor, Illustrations, and Watercooler

The Livestrong Foundation gained a badly needed champion over the weekend when Ryan Hunter-Reay — the hard-charging driver nicknamed “Captain America” — won his first Indianapolis 500 in jaw-dropping fashion. The cancer-patient crusading foundation suffered a huge PR blow in 2012, when founder and board chairman Lance Armstrong resigned after being stripped of his Tour de France victories for doping. The erstwhile Lance Armstrong Foundation rebranded as Livestrong, and said it was “charting a strong, independent course forward,” but the damage was done: Nike cut ties, and the organization was left without a high-profile face. Read more...More about Racing, Lance Armstrong, Livestrong, Captain America, and Indianapolis 500