You were an inspiration to us all, little goat. Frostie the Snow Goat, who once stood as a great paragon for handi-capable animals everywhere, has passed away. The goat that suffered from a debilitating illness found happiness and hope at Edgar's Mission Farm Sanctuary in Australia. The farm released a statement about Frostie's death on their Facebook page Tuesday. See also: 8 Inspiring Animals That Never Gave Up Post by Edgar's Mission. While at the sanctuary, Frostie proved not to be limited by wheels and harnesses. Last week, Frostie was trotting along without help of his chair, and he finally knew freedom. Read more...More about Internet, Animal, Goats, Watercooler, and Conversations

The Internet likes to take matters into its own hands At least, that's the case when it comes to issues surrounding gender equality. Many people use blog posts, tweets and status updates to highlight instances of discrimination against women, and spread awareness on the serious problem. See also: Women of the World: Dump Kimye, Tackle Climate Change One recent example is the New York Times scandal starring Jill Abramson, the paper's first female executive editor. She was promptly fired in May, after less than three years on the job. Rumors quickly swirled that Abramson had been fired because of complaints about unequal pay — though, the Times denies that claim. Read more...More about Internet, Features, Women, Social Good, and Change.Org

The Internet is quicksilver — churning out viral sensations, then just as quickly sucking them back into a deep, dark abyss Sometimes you just have to pause and take a minute to truly process and enjoy a particular Internet thing before it disappears into the ether. Maybe you'll suspend this process even more by getting a tattoo of that Internet thing — just to make sure it lasts forever See also: 50 Tattoos That Prove Nerds Are Badass There are some people who really like the Internet. They will probably make you reevaluate the way you consume web content. Is your devotion even on the same plane? Read more...More about Internet, Lists, Humor, Tattoos, and Instagram



A new user-generated curation network wants to help you organize the Internet. Milq, which officially launched in April, seeks to sort through the immense quantity of media on the web by harnessing the collective knowledge of its users. See also: 20 Funniest YouTube Videos According to Reddit The effort could facilitate online discovery by presenting content organized by specific topics, and catered to individual users. On a larger scale, it could establish a cultural map of the web. "There are literally billions of pieces of content out there," Milq co-founder Jordan Jacobs told Mashable. "The stuff that is getting shared is getting atomized. It feels like there's a firing squad just flinging stuff at you." Read more...More about Web, Content, Internet, Share, and Curation

A 12-year-old girl was stabbed 19 times by two of her friends this weekend who say they were inspired by a mythical Internet creature known as Slender Man What follows is Mashable's explanation of this horrific case and the mystery surrounding the bizarre online avatar that allegedly drove the girls' motives What happened? The girls, Morgan G. and Anissa W. of Waukesha, Wisconsin, lured the 12-year-old victim into the woods on Saturday for a game of hide-and-seek after a slumber party the previous night. "Once there, one suspect held down the victim while the other suspect stabbed the victim 19 times in the arms, legs and torso," Waukesha Police Chief Russell Jack said. "Many of the stab wounds hit major organs, but incredibly and thankfully, the victim survived this brutal assault." Read more...More about Internet, Crime, Murder, Us World, and Us

What's that sound? Oh, you mean my dial-up modem connecting to the World Wide Web? At one point in our lives, most adults have enjoyed the sweet gratification from hearing the words "You've got mail!" But the youths of the world have always viewed the Internet as an endless Tumblr of cat GIFs and YouTube fail compilations See also: These Kids Are Not Impressed by Ancient Apple Computers The Fine Bros, in another rousing rendition of "These Kids Will Make You Feel Ancient" (OK, the series is really called "Kids React"), show teenagers old-school tutorials on using the Internet They don't seem amused. Read more...More about Viral Videos, Internet, Technology, Computers, and 90s

The World Wide Web celebrated its 25th anniversary this year, and although the reasons to love the Internet seem infinite, there are also plenty of things to loathe about it. "Can you imagine starting a project 25 years ago? Not all projects succeed — no other project has ever succeeded like this one," web inventor Tim Berners-Lee said Monday night at the Webby Awards in New York. "The sum is much greater than the parts." See also: Has the Selfie Reached Its Peak? But some of those parts aren't all that good. While celebrities and brands honored the best of the web at the Webbys, Mashable asked several celebrities to tell us about the worst of the web. Here's what they said on the Webby Awards red carpet: Read more...More about Entertainment, Webby Awards, Internet, Celebrities, and Webbys

Some trolls have all the fun Yes, the time-honored Internet trade of leaving comments, arguing and being generally annoying is sometimes taken up by those with a great sense of humor. Trolling is usually irritating, but not when it's in the hands of an able comedian — especially when that comedian is so dedicated to his jokes that he spends hours, days and even years crafting them See also: 20 Greatest Yearbook Trolls of All Time Here's a toast to the trolls who were supremely determined to get the last laugh 1. ronnyjohnson618 has done it all (on YouTube) YouTube user ronnyjohnson618 never met a video he didn't like. He's been commenting on videos for years, offering his expert opinion on, well, everything. Read more...More about Video, Internet, Social Media, Features, and Trolls

The Internet is many things: a mine of cute animal photos, a great way to waste time and, most importantly, a resource that can help you find almost anything you want — including a partner. It's only natural that web culture has produced some pretty unique dating sites for people with especially niche interests — cat lovers, fandom enthusiasts and even members of subcultures who might avoid typical social outlets IRL. See also: 7 Free Apps to Turn Your Phone Into a Dating Wingman We rounded up some of the most Internet-y, super-specific dating sites that ever were. I can haz romance? Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Read more...More about Internet, Features, Cats, Star Trek, and Web Culture

Citizens in Saudi Arabia can now voice their opinions about their country via a new website, which promises to be a direct portal to the government. The site is intended to establish a connection between Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah and the country's citizens, according to Arab News. It launched Wednesday morning and was the brainchild of the king himself. See also: Kingdom Tower in Saudi Arabia Will Soon Be the World's Tallest Building Anyone with a Saudi Arabian national identity card can open an account on the site using their state-issued ID number. They can then submit any comments, complaints or suggestions, which will reportedly be forwarded to King Abdullah, state officials told the Saudi Gazette. Read more...More about Internet, Feedback, Comment, King, and Website

Internet, this is your life From email to social media, there comes a time in everyone's life when we need to sit up and face the truth about our online selves. And the best way to make us all see the light is with graphs. Danish artists Mikael Wulff and Anders Morgenthaler created the series "Truth Facts" on their comedy website Kind of Normal. The humorously honest graphs show the hard truths of everyday life — especially online life. See also: Where Would You Live on This Map of the Internet? If you're a social media butterfly or just an online procrastinator, these graphs will show you that the online struggle is real. After all, who hasn't wondered about the secret meanings of Facebook RSVPs? Read more...More about Online, Facebook, Twitter, Internet, and Tumblr

The Internet isn't always "one size fits all." Every day, inaccessible web design prevents billions of people in the disabled community from an easy online experience. For those with visual impairments, learning difficulties, hearing loss and more, there are dozens of unique challenges waiting behind every URL. But building a disability-friendly site is a lot simpler than you might think. See also: 9 Apps and Resources to Learn American Sign Language Laurence Berry, a designer for UK-based design and tech organization FutureGov who has also written extensively about accessible web design, says the easiest way to build user-friendly sites is to figure out their key obstacles Read more...More about Internet, Features, Design, How Tos, and Dev And Design

Class, let's talk about the Internet The web is the inspiration behind a bevy of college courses in the modern age. Obsessed with YouTube? Head to Pitzer College for a course called "Learning From YouTube." Intrigued by the Internet's saturation of Miley Cyrus? Enroll at Skidmore College, where the singer will be the topic of a sociology course that focuses on her pre and post-VMA hold on the media. See also: 5 College Classes You'll Wish You Could Take From analyzing viral videos to studying the societal side effects of Facebook, we rounded up eight college courses brought to you by the Internet Read more...More about Internet, Features, College, Tech, and Work Play

Think you know where "Overly Attached Girlfriend" and "I Should Buy a Boat" first came from? If you assumed they just popped onto your News Feed out of nowhere, you've made a huge mistake. The YouTube channel Top10Memes explores the origins of the Internet's most famous — and infamous — memes. While some jokes, like "Condescending Wonka" or "Confused Gandalf," have easily traceable backgrounds, you might be surprised to learn the obscure roots of your favorite shareable gags. See also: Grumpy Cat Auditions to Replace David Letterman So, here's what you learned today: Memes aren't just a clever and effective way of communicating on the Internet, they're also the perfect homage to pop culture. Read more...More about Reddit, Viral Videos, Videos, Internet, and Social Media

The Internet is your new stylist. Using various websites, you can give yourself a full-service virtual makeover. Sites such as Taaz and Daily Makeover allow users to upload photos of themselves to test out new makeup, hairstyles, brow shapes and more. Curious about what you'd look like with Jennifer Lawrence's pixie cut, or Beyoncé's long blonde locks? It's just a click away. See also: Top 10 YouTube Beauty Channels to Follow Here are 6 sites to help you redo your style from head to toe, and even let you experiment with different manicures, body shapes and more. 1Taaz Image: Taaz Taaz is an uber-customizable makeover site with which you can restyle yourself from the neck up. Users can upload photos of themselves (or just use a variety of the site's available models, if you're a little gun-shy) and try on new hairstyles, makeup, and accessories. Read more...More about Internet, Features, Beauty, Apps Software, and Makeup

It's difficult to be a parent in the digital age. Your kids probably know more about the Internet than you do (you can undo sent emails now?), and they're using gadgets and apps you've never heard of (what's a Whisper?) There's simply no way to keep kids off the web, or to keep smartphones out of their little hands. Instead, arm yourself with knowledge: How are "kids these days" interacting with tech, and how worried should you be? See also: Children's Book Teaches Kids 'Death Is Wrong' Ebuyer assembled the results of a comprehensive study of kids' and teens' online activity. The results range from expected — 95% of 12- to 15-year-olds own at least one smartphone, tablet or other media device — to more surprising — the same age demographic has an average of 78 Facebook friends they've never met in real life. Read more...More about Social Networks, Internet, Cyberbullying, Kids, and Children

The Internet loves a good mystery. From cracking complicated codes to identifying obscure songs, web users love to solve the unsolvable Online communities such as Reddit and 4chan have entire threads devoted to picking apart riddles, while sites like Websleuths are created solely for the purpose of crime-solving. See also: 6 Obscure NASA Sites Every Nerd Has to See Though Internet detectives have sometimes gone too far (Redditors incorrectly identifying the Boston Marathon bomber, for example), there are quite a few times they've actually cracked the case From aiding investigations to saving lives, here are seven examples of Internet users banding together to solve a mystery Read more...More about Reddit, Internet, Features, Social Media, and Mysteries

Most people in countries with unrestricted Internet access take it for granted, forgetting that many countries around the world have censored, limited or no Internet access — even though it's a human right, according to the United Nations. This doesn't mean citizens don't understand and advocate for their right, though. Twitter was blocked in Turkey on Thursday, after Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan pledged to "eradicate" the platform — often known to help give voices to the voiceless — for spreading what he called false information. But Twitter users in Turkey are getting around the ban through a variety of solutions and criticizing it via tweets. Read more...More about Internet, World, Censorship, Social Good, and Turkey

The World Wide Web is 25 years old. Looking back, it's tough to imagine a world without phrases like "vlog," "GIF" or "Klout score." I mean, how did people even meet rural singles from across the country before the web? Did they, like, talk — face to face? With their mouths? To celebrate the big 2-5, Esri created an interactive map that highlights how the web spread across the world over the past quarter-century. Click through the years to advance from 1993 up to 2012. The blue dots are based on number of users per 100 people — click on them for more information. All data is taken from the World Bank Read more...More about Internet, Features, Data, Maps, and World Wide Web

There are a few key acronyms you should know when you venture online, IMHO. After all, if you don't know the lingo, your fellow WOW players will LOL you right out of the MMORPG. You don't want to be the Luddite who's baffled by a simple AFK, do you? See also: The Blogger's Meal Plan: 5 Secrets for Well-Balanced Content WPromote put together a quiz to test your web acronym IQ. Take a look at the graphic below and see how far you can get before stopping to check the answer key. We guarantee you'll have learned a few new netspeak terms by EOD If you can make it all the way to the bottom without searching a term, we salute you. We also suggest you BRB to get some fresh air Read more...More about Web, Quiz, Internet, Features, and Humor

The World Wide Web — which celebrates its 25th anniversary on Wednesday — has undoubtedly ushered in massive innovation in its quarter-life existence but what's most surprised inventor Tim Berners-Lee is users' fascination with kittens. Berners-Lee participated in a Q&A (also known as an AMA or "ask me anything") on popular message board site Reddit this afternoon and when asked what major reason people use the Internet for that he wasn't expecting, his answer was simply: "kittens." SEE ALSO: The World Wide Web Is Having a Quarter-Life Crisis But his answers weren't all jovial. He provided fascinating insight into the state of the online world, noting he is both "concerned and excited about its future." He also shared his perspective on Edward Snowden, saying "the whistleblower may be all that saves society." Read more...More about Internet, Www, Tim Berners Lee, Cats, and Tech

Chain letters didn't begin with the Internet, and they didn't die with AOL mail. But back in the early days of the Internet — before anybody but programmers knew what pixels were, and "search engine optimization" just wasn't a thing — chain emails saw their golden age These exclamation-heavy missives, riddled with typos, infiltrated our inboxes and haunted our dreams. We wondered, would Bloody Mary come after us because we hit "delete"? Had we missed our chance to earn a share of Bill Gates's millions? See also: 18 Yahoo Answer Fails That Will Make You Facepalm In the end, we hit "send." After all, we'd rather live with the consequences of being the annoying forwarding friend than be killed by "Little Clarissa" — or worse still, have our crush reject us at school, like, in public. Read more...More about Email, Internet, Features, Humor, and Nostalgia

At the end of 1985, there were a whopping total of six domain names registered in the world. That number has expanded to 265 million names registered globally, according to Verisign's Q3 industry brief. As the world celebrates the web's 25th anniversary, it seems fitting to acknowledge the network addresses that help us navigate through the robustness of the Internet today. See also: 11 Historical Figures Who Would've Hosted Rad Reddit AMAs Below, we've listed a few of the most influential and interesting moments in the history of domain names 1985: The first .com domain Image: Screenshot Symbolics.com Read more...More about Web, Domain Names, Internet, Features, and History

"Minecraft is a platform as much as it is a game," writes Seth Porges in his recent story on Mashable about TeamCrafted, a supergroup of YouTube stars who have made names for themselves simply by playing the game. That platform has turned these guys into Internet celebrities with hundreds of thousands of Twitter followers and millions of YouTube subscribers. And as TeamCrafted grows, so too do the business opportunities. See also: The Justin Biebers of Minecraft Are Rewriting the Marketing Playbook Today at 4 p.m. ET, Mashable will be joined by TeamCrafted members Jerome, Ryan and group manager Matt Michelsen in a live Hangout on Air to talk all things Minecraft, becoming YouTube stars and what the future holds for the group. Read more...More about Youtube, Marketing, Gaming, Internet, and Business

As Russia's military tightens its grip around Ukraine, the country has taken new measures to hinder its opposition's ability to organize online The Russian Prosecutor's General Office has ordered Roskomnadzor, a federal media oversight agency, to block access to the pages of 13 "Ukrainian nationalist organizations" on VKontakte, the most popular social network in the region, to users in Russia. See also: 5 Big Questions About the Future of Ukraine The block order came over the weekend. The pages contained "direct appeals to carry out terrorist activities," according to an announcement posted on Roskomnadzor website on Monday Read more...More about Internet, Censorship, Russia, Protests, and Us World

If there was a map of the Internet, which country would you call home? This fascinating map was created by Slovakian student and amateur graphic design artist Martin Vargic, who often goes by the pseudonym Jay Simons, and he left no detail untouched The map is divided into categorized continents, which are then further detailed with countries. The eastern part of the map is comprised mostly of software companies, such as Microsoft and HP, while the western hemisphere which Vargic refers to as the "New World" is made up of websites and social networks like Facebook and Google Cities are represented with sub-categories and trends; the iPhone 5 on the Apple sector, and OneDirectionVEVO in the YouTube country, while the countries' capitals are portrayed with the CEO or founder's last name. The country of Mashable, which is nestled between 4chan, Boing Boing , TMZ proudly displays the capital city of Cashmore for our founder and CEO Pete Cashmore Read more...More about Internet, Art, Map, Watercooler, and Pics

If you had to choose, would you rather give Internet access or TV? Email or social media? According to a new study from Pew Research, 46% of American adults said that Internet would be the most difficult technology to go without, with cellphones a close second and TV in third place. Just a few years ago, Americans were more willing to give up Internet in order to keep TV See also: 10 Super Fandoms That Put Your Internetting to Shame Surprisingly, 17% of Americans still aren't willing to give up their landlines, which sheds some more light on last year's report that 71% of U.S. households still use landline phones (as of 2011). Read more...More about Entertainment, Tv, Internet, Social Media, and Tech

In January, a landmark legislative decision was made regarding net neutrality: The D.C. Court of Appeals struck down portions of the Open Internet rules that ensured telecoms played fair Since then, it has been the subject of many contentious debates among open Internet supporters and opponents of government regulation. But let's not get ahead of ourselves. First, let's look at exactly what net neutrality means See also: What the FCC Net Neutrality Proposal Means for Your Internet The latest video in our Mashable Explains series explores exactly what net neutrality is — and why you should care about it. After you watch, above, subscribe to Mashable on YouTube for more on this issue and more Read more...More about Internet, Net Neutrality, Us World, Politics, and Us

The chairman of Federal Communications Commission, Tom Wheeler, unveiled a plan to reinstitute net neutrality, the concept that Internet service providers can't favor one website's traffic over another. Rather than appeal a recent court decision that struck down net neutrality and could change the Internet as we know it, Wheeler is instead attempting to write new rules to fortify the open Internet. He outlined this proposal in an extended announcement released Wednesday. See also: The Fight to Save Net Neutrality: 1 Million Signatures and Counting There's a lot at stake. Here's a breakdown of how Wheeler's proposal will affect your Internet. Read more...More about Internet, Net Neutrality, Fcc, Media, and Us World