If you’ve ever heard the words, “You hit like a girl,” chances are they weren’t meant as a compliment. It’s time to flip that tired old phrase on its head, according to Procter & Gamble’s Always brand. A new digital and social media campaign, backed by the feminine care product line and shot by an award-winning documentary filmmaker, wants to make #LikeAGirl “a phrase that represents the strength, talent, character and downright amazingness of every girl,” the brand says. Under the tagline, “Rewrite the rules,” Always asks what you do #LikeAGirl and anticipates the answers will be proud and positive. “Join the movement,” the brand says, by sharing pictures and videos of proud grrrl moments via its Facebook page and Twitter feed. Read more...More about Advertising, Marketing, Procter Gamble, Business, and Always

When my business partner Claire Mazur and I developed the idea for our company, Of a Kind in 2010, establishing our voice was a serious undertaking. We were creating a website to sell pieces from up-and-coming fashion designers and also to tell their stories, and we knew that figuring out how to speak to our audience — not just what to say but also how to say it — would be key in shaping people’s perception of what we were doing and selling. See also: How to Start a Business With a Friend — and Actually Remain Friends Having come from the world of magazine editorial, cementing that tone was something I was excited to tackle. And though this project was especially crucial to our ecommerce business with its content-heavy approach, really, every company under the sun has to think about the voice and the personality of its messaging — how do you write an Instagram caption or respond to user feedback if you don't know what your business sounds like? Do you open customer service emails with “Hey, Kanye!” or “Dear Mr. West?” Below, four tactics that have helped us define our vibe that we think will serve you well, too. Read more...More about Small Business, Entrepreneurship, E Commerce, Business, and Marketing

A new report upends the conventional wisdom that Facebook's algorithm tweaks have left brands out of the News Feed, a phenomenon that Facebook itself has acknowledged. Socialbakers looked at 3 million of the largest brand Pages and found interactions have jumped 30% since January. The researcher also found that media Pages were experiencing an even greater boost: See also: Facebook's News Feed: What Changed and Why Image: SocialBakers Image: SocialBakers"In my personal opinion, Facebook is still heavily growing as a business, and more and more users engage with the entire platform — including engagement with brand pages," says Jan Razab, CEO of Socialbakers. "Many big brands have great content that they are publishing through the platform and are really learning to engage their audiences, and this is where the growth is coming from. Read more...More about Facebook, Marketing, Brands, Big Brands, and Business

Sorry, FAFSA. You can't make jokes about money. The Office of Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) apologized on Wednesday morning for a tweet it sent out the night before from the FAFSA Twitter account that some have found offensive. See also: 21 Ways Kristen Wiig Is Your Drunk Spirit Animal The tweet, which has since been deleted, included the Bridesmaids meme in which a drunk Kristen Wiig gets kicked out of first class on a flight after trying to sneak in, saying, "Help me, I'm poor." FAFSA added text to the meme: "If this is you, you better fill out your FAFSA." It was most likely intended as a light-hearted way to engage students on social media, but instead provoked outrage from those who deemed it offensive and mocking toward low-income students. Read more...More about Twitter, Marketing, Social Media, Us, and Watercooler

For a startup, intellectual property is often the most valuable asset. Yet, IP isn't just about patents and inventions. It can also include your brand assets — everything from the company name to the logo and product tagline. Trademarks help keep your brand ID safe, with the idea that no one else in the market can come in and use your brand or trademark for a similar thing. But how much do you understand about the trademark process? Here are the answers to 10 of the most frequently asked questions surrounding trademarks: See also: 60+ Events in Marketing, Media and More Read more... 1. If I trademark my company/product name, does that mean nobody else can use it?More about Faq, Trademarks, Business, Marketing, and Small Business

Indie auteur Wes Anderson didn’t make this new ad for Oreos, but it sure looks like he did. It’s adorable, quirky and downright twee. The two-minute mini-movie covers a lot of tried-and-true Anderson tropes, including a wizened narrator, highly stylized alternate universe, precocious kids and sweet twist at the end. Sorry, loyalists, no Bill Murray. Ad executives at The Martin Agency, who copped to being Anderson fans themselves, said they didn’t purposely set out to mimic the filmmaker’s distinctive tone and tactics. They wanted to make a piece of content that felt more cinematic and less like a typical commercial for Mini Oreos, a product that hasn’t had any advertising for years. Read more...More about Advertising, Oreo, Business, Marketing, and Wes Anderson

Facebook is trying to figure out which of its 1.3 billion active users like videos, and which don't bother watching The social network tweaked its News Feed algorithm on Monday, a common occurrence for the company, in hopes of providing users with "better" videos on the platform See also: Facebook's News Feed: What Changed and Why The tweak includes a new video ranking system which takes into account whether people are actually watching each video — and for how long — before deciding who else will see that video in their feed. Previously, metrics like Likes and comments were key indicators of a video's popularity, but the new measurement aims to determine exactly how captivating the video content is Read more...More about Facebook, Videos, Social Media, Video Ads, and News Feed

Brands showed once again that they're hungry for any real-time marketing opportunity. Luis Suarez, the star forward for Uruguay's soccer team, is believed to have bitten a defender on Italy's team during the 79th minute of their match on Tuesday. Uruguay went on to win the match, but Suarez quickly became the brunt of many jokes on social media. See also: World Cup Fans Go Rabid for Luis Suarez Bite Memes Shortly after the incident, the official Twitter account for McDonald's in Uruguay tweeted at Suarez to "take a bite" of a Big Mac if he's hungry. Hola @luis16suarez, si te quedaste con hambre vení a darle un mordisco a una BigMac ;) — McDonald's Uruguay (@McDonalds_Uy) June 24, 2014 Read more... More about Twitter, Business, Marketing, Sports, and 2014 World Cup

Facebook has been plagued by concerns about its popularity among teens, but a new report suggests there's nothing to worry about Forrester Research surveyed more than 4,500 teens in the U.S. about their social media habits and found that Facebook is by far the most popular among this demographic. See also: Facebook in 2014: Fighting for Social Supremacy "More than three-quarters of online youth use Facebook — twice as many as use Pinterest or Tumblr or Snapchat, and more than use Instagram and WhatApp combined," Nate Elliott, an analyst at Forrester, wrote in a post summarizing the report. "And 28% of young users who are on Facebook say they use it 'all the time,' a higher percentage than said this about any other social network." Read more...More about Facebook, Teens, Sheryl Sandberg, Marketing, and Social Media

As the United States prepares to celebrate 238 years free of British rule, the chaps at Newcastle Ale are having a laugh imaging what the country might be like if things had gone differently "Ah America, if we'd won the war you'd have better comedy, news and TV programs and way better rude words. I'm talking fanny, trollop, minger, tart, mingebag, bleeding, sodding, blooming, cocked-up, get stuffed and of course, wanker," laments Stephen Merchant, the British comic best known for helping create the superior UK version of The Office with Ricky Gervais. "With our accents and your American self-confidence, you'd be unstoppable." Read more...More about Advertising, Ad, Business, and Marketing

Addressing the dorkiness factor that has discouraged many from joining the revolution, Google rolled out the DVF | Made for Glass collection on Monday, a Google Glass line created with designer Diane von Furstenberg. A model designed for women, sold via Net-A-Porter, looks like half a pair of stylish glasses and half a mutant robot vision device. It sells for $1,800 and is available in five colors: brown, shiny lagoon, shiny elderberry, matte java and matte ice See also: Samsung's Answer to Google Glass Coming in September, Report Says Image: Diane von FurstenbergThree models targeted at men sell for $1,650. Both represent a premium of $300 and $150, respectively, over the $1,500 Glass and sport the DVF logo Read more...More about Diane Von Furstenberg, Marketing, Tech, Dev Design, and Google Glass

LinkedIn is a great platform for finding capable employees, but that's only the beginning of its value. Chances are, you are probably not using it to its fullest potential in areas like content marketing and event preparation — yet, anyway. To find out more, I asked eight entrepreneurs from Young Entrepreneur Council (YEC) to share some lesser-known LinkedIn tips. Here's what they had to say: See also: The Complete Guide to LinkedIn Etiquette 1. Get involved in niche groups There are specific groups available for many micro-niches on LinkedIn. Becoming active and engaged in these communities is a great way to be seen as an expert and helpful resource. This leads to opportunities for lead generation, networking, partnerships and much more. The key is to give freely in those groups and not expect anything in return. Don't be the person trying to "sell" yourself in the groups. Give value first, receive later.— Patrick Conley, Automation Heroes Read more...More about Linkedin, Yec, Business, Marketing, and Startups

American Apparel is one of the oddest amalgams of brand attributes the marketing world has ever seen. One part ethical, one part sleaze, the brand has carved a unique niche When the company's board voted to remove its CEO Dov Charney on Wednesday, though, some doubt was cast on that formula. Like Steve Jobs at Apple or Richard Branson at Virgin, Charney is one of those CEO/founders who is synonymous with his brand — at least for some. His past discretions have, so far, only fortified the positioning of the American Apparel brand See also: 8 Brands Rocking Snapchat Charney was fired because of an "ongoing investigation into alleged misconduct," but no one has yet outlined the nature of the misconduct. Yet Charney, 45, has been repeatedly accused of sexual harassment by employees over the past several years. At one point, seven women had filed suit against him, though many of the cases have been dismissed. In 2012, Charney told CNBC that he has been "the target of baseless lawsuits." Read more...More about American Apparel, Business, Advertising, Marketing, and Dov Charney

Snapchat has discovered a new way to entice brands to its service — customizable photo filters. The ephemeral messaging app is testing a new feature that allows brands to add their logo to images or videos they send out to followers. See also: The 11 Types of Snapchat Users Everyone Knows Mashable first noticed the new watermark on a couple of photos shared by Snapchat COO Emily White. The pictures include Vice's logo in the upper lefthand corner of the app. A new customizable photo filter on Snapchat allows brands to add their logo to snapsImage: SnapchatA Snapchat spokesperson declined to comment on the new photo filters, but it seems plausible that Snapchat may use the customizable logos to attract more brands to the serviceBrands are already sending out snaps to users, but the ability to add a logo to content would add both legitimacy and extra advertising for brand marketers. Read more...More about Advertising, Apps, Monetization, Vice, and Business

Twitter finally added support for GIFs on Wednesday. Well, to be more accurate, Twitter supports GIFs that are converted into MP4 files See also: How to Post GIFs on Twitter Whatever the case, you can see looping videos on Twitter now! But only if you post them from Twitter.com first. And they don't actually start playing automatically. Ok, so GIFs on Twitter aren't really that great yet. But boy! Brands sure do seem excited about it Many of the usual suspects were quick to show they're hip to the GIF. Denny's, the brand with a Ph.D. in trolling Twitter, got predictably weird. Chronic over-compensator Red Bull tried to give viewers vertigo with its GIF. Even Oreo descended from its perch in the Twitter hall of fame to break out a conservative GIF. Read more...More about Twitter, Marketing, Brands, Business, and Advertising

Back in April, Ronald McDonald got a new look and got reintroduced in social media. Now, he's hitting the slopes, in Malaysia. This video shows the McDonald's clown mascot helping set up an indoor ski slope in Kuala Lumpur on a 95-degree day. Environmentalists won't be amused, but kids were, apparently See also: What's Up With This Green Coca-Cola? This video, a collaboration between June, TwentyFirst and PR agency Olson Engage, is the first appearance of the new Ronald in action. Ronald, who had been linked mostly with charity and family-focused initiatives, is now up for more social media-ready outings Read more...More about Business and Marketing

E-cigarette company executives were forced to defend their marketing campaigns from critics, including U.S. senators, at a hearing on Wednesday that discussed the impact of e-cigarette advertising on children and teens Health advocates said they feel e-cigarette ads target kids in ways similar to old cigarette ads did, using everything from cartoons to sexual innuendo. Ads for combustible cigarettes have long been banned because they can cause a litany of health complications, but e-cigarette marketing is almost unregulated. See also: E-Cigarette Liquid Nicotine: Toxic, Unregulated and Overhyped Read more...More about Marketing, Children, Advertisements, Advertising, and Gadgets

Univision is kicking off a new deal with Twitter by letting State Farm, McDonald's and Verizon run ads on tweeted videos of World Cup highlights. The 5- to 7-second ads come before game clips aired on Univision's @UnivisionSports Twitter handle. Univision Sports will tweet several sponsored highlights per game. This one from Wednesday's Netherlands-Australia game, for instance, features a quick ad from State Farm: See also: World Cup's Greatest Goal Dives Headfirst Into Meme Infamy ¡Al 54' #NED empató el partido con un fantástico gol conducto por Van Persie! Míralo aquí @StateFarmLatino http://t.co/gqypgo7oY3 — Univision Deportes (@UnivisionSports) June 18, 2014 Read more... More about Media, Advertising, Business, Marketing, and Univision

When he was still in high school, Jeff Bezos designed his own mini summer camp for fourth through sixth graders. Precociously enough, he called it the DREAM Institute, and charged $600 a pop. Bezos was a voracious reader, and the DREAM Institute was to be a boot camp for the mind: in one summer, the younger kids would be required to read The Once and Future King, Stranger in a Strange Land, The Lord of the Rings, Dune, Watership Down, Black Beauty, Gulliver's Travels, Treasure Island, and David Copperfield. He got six signups. Fast-forward to 2014, when Bezos again sent out prescribed reading — this time, a single slim children's volume called Mr. Pine's Purple House, which Bezos said had been one of his favorite reads as a kid. He got rather more interest this time; the book was received and immediately written up by every news outlet attending Wednesday's mystery Amazon unveiling (including Mashable). Read more...More about Amazon, Smartphone, Marketing, Tech, and Gadgets

Though there doesn't appear to be an obvious link between condoms and the World Cup, Durex has found a way in. The condom maker has released a video featuring amateur soccer players melodramatically faking injuries. The over-the-top histrionics, which are not far off from what we've seen in Brazil so far this year, tie in with the hashtag #DontFakeIt See also: Tumblr Native Ads to Start Appearing Across Yahoo That message — a way for the brand to talk about something besides safe sex — is one that Durex has been employing in the past. The message is also apparently for men who make excuses to watch soccer rather than get busy with their significant other: A recent survey commissioned by the brand found 40% of men would turn down sex to watch soccer. (No word on who these men were — the poll appeared in Canadian media.) More than a quarter of men said they've thought about soccer when they were intimate with their partner and 42% admit that they've rushed through sex to get back to watching a game. Read more...More about Soccer, Business, Advertising, Marketing, and 2014 World Cup Brazil

Fashion brand Burberry used Twitter's Cards feature to let users subscribe to the brand's calendar, an addition that other brands could potentially use to cultivate an engaged following on the platform. See also: Why Burberry Wants to Bring the Online Experience to Stores, and Not Vice Versa Cards, which Twitter introduced in 2012, lets developers add multimedia experiences to their tweets. A June 16 Burberry tweet included an "add to calendar" feature that works with most calendar apps: Add the @Burberry men’s runway show to your calendar #LCM http://t.co/jgOuY6UglT — Burberry (@Burberry) June 16, 2014 Read more... More about Fashion, Twitter, Marketing, Burberry, and Business

U.S. consumers this fall may start seeing a green bottle of Coca-Cola on their shelves, a mid-calorie cola known as Coca-Cola Life that's the first Coke launch since 2006. Coca-Cola Life, which is based on a mix of sugar and stevia, has 89 calories for a 330ml serving vs. 139 calories for the same serving of regular Coke, hit Argentina and Chile last year. Last week, the product launched in the UK market. Industry bible Beverage Digest reported last week that Coke Life will hit the U.S. market this fall. This isn't the first time Coca-Cola has tapped the mid-calorie segment. The company's C2 was released in 2004 and had about half the calories of regular Coke. Introduced with great fanfare (the ad campaign included the Rolling Stones' classic "You Can't Always Get What You Want," C2 failed to catch on and was discontinued in 2007. Read more...More about Coca Cola, Business, and Marketing

Despite representing more than half of college graduates, women in the U.S. still earn $0.77 on men's dollar and make up just 17% of corporate board seats. Overcoming the odds, however, a number of boundary-pushing women are moving the digital revolution forward. Whether by protesting sexual violence in India or joining the global #bringbackourgirls campaign for the kidnapped Nigerian schoolgirls, women's role in the changing digital landscape is becoming more clearly defined At Mashable, we believe it's time to honor the women who are making waves. We're thrilled to be teaming up with New York Women in Communications again for the second annual WiCi Awards, which recognizes the career achievements of emerging female leaders Read more...More about Advertising, Events, Communications, Business, and Women

See what happens when you take your eye off Grandma? She auditions for the next Jackass movie. A tough-as-nails octogenarian shows off her best Johnny Knoxville stunts for a new digital ad campaign for Nexcare Waterproof Bandages. That’s really a senior citizen, by the way – 86-year-old actress Beverly Polcyn — and not a youngster in makeup and prosthetics. Can she withstand a dump truck full of dirt poured over her head? No problem for masochistic Nana or the bandage, as the former emerges without a scratch (thanks in part to the hardhat) and the latter sticks to her skin and keeps out the filth. Read more...More about Business, Advertising, and Marketing

Delta Airlines' pro-Team USA tweet celebrating the team's 2-1 World Cup victory over Ghana was a misfire, as some critics accused the brand of insensitivity and even racism. The brand's tweet attempted to use imagery to distinguish the two countries. The United States' was the Statue of Liberty. Ghana's was a giraffe: Image: DeltaSee also: The Most Memorable Brand Wins and Fails of 2013 Multiple sources, including this travel site, as well as maps from the World Wildlife Fund and a research paper in BMC Biology say giraffes do not live in Ghana, and critics blamed Delta for reducing the country to a stereotype. (However, it is worth noting that this YouTube clip is called "Ghana giraffes," although there is no description about the video.) Read more...More about Business, Advertising, Marketing, Us, and World

Is this the future of advertising? Fiat's latest TV ad, released last week, is composed completely of GIFs from its Tumblr. The CMO Olivier Francois told Creativity Online that he likes the raw look of the GIFs. "It's an experiment," Mr. Francois said. "If it works — and so far so good. If it doesn't work, no big deal. We didn't invest so much money." See also: 3 New Types of Digital Advertising Agencies The images include a guy wearing a horsehead mask, a shot of a woman's skirt being blown by a passing Fiat to reveal her underwear and, of course, a cat Fiat's not the first advertiser to release a TV ad comprised of GIFs. Last year, Fox Searchlight used a similar approach for its thriller Stoker Read more...More about Business, Advertising, and Marketing



Netflix is starting to roll out its new logo, adding it along with another slight tweak to its desktop interface. See also: 6 Great Alternatives to Netflix The new logo (left) goes for a more flat, simplistic look when compared to the old logo (right), which Netflix has used since its days as a DVD-by-mail company. The new desktop look also has changed the color scheme a bit, with colors being more muted. Image: Screenshot/TrustedReviewsA Netflix spokesperson said the company is in the process of gradually rolling out the new logo across its platforms. Some found the new logo to have found inspiration elsewhere. Read more...More about Netflix, Business, Advertising, and Marketing

Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos sent his favorite children's book to members of the press slated to attend the company's mysterious product event in Seattle next week, where it's expected to launch a 3D smartphone, and it comes with a clever message. Mashable received on Friday a copy of "Mr. Pine's Purple House" by Leonard Kessler (1965) from Amazon, along with the following note: "We're excited that you'll be joining us next week in Seattle. Enclosed is my favorite childhood book — Mr. Pine's Purple House. I think you'll agree that the world is a better place when things are a little bit different. See you soon — Jeff Bezos." Read more...More about Mobile, Amazon, Smartphone, Marketing, and Media

Just in time for Father's Day, the wife of NFL coach Jim Harbaugh, a notorious dad pants wearer, are appealing to your better senses to stop a travesty sweeping the nation: dad pants You know those pants that your dad always wore that were two sizes too big and had giant pleats in them? Those are dad pants. Sarah Harbaugh has campaigned against her husband's pants for some time now, and it seems like she's finally won the long battle against the dreaded dad khakis See also: 4 Fashion Upgrades Every Man Should Try This Spring The campaign, of course, turns out to be an ad for Dockers — but a pretty neat one at that, since it comes with a chance to win a trip to San Francisco and tickets to a game. Read more...More about Style, Business, Ad, Commercial, and Advertising

Today, millennials make up 25% of the U.S. population (that’s 77 million people), and their economic spending power is $1.3 trillion dollars, according to PTTOW. In order to sell millennials on a product, concept or service, marketers have to connect with them on an emotional level that aligns with their complex value sets surrounding socioeconomic conditions and new cultural norms. In the past decade, one of the most helpful tools used to address the nonlinear path to connecting with this demographic has been music. See also: 11 Tips and Tricks for Spotify Power Users Music is powerful because it is content, and it stimulates social interaction and drives loyalty. Disruptive streaming technologies and the onset of multi-screen user behavior have forced drastic shifts in the use of music as a marketing tool by music labels, entertainment companies and brands across multiple consumer categories. Read more...More about Marketing, Millenials, Android Music App, Festivals, and Business

Hey, look guys -– a tricked-out mini-spaceship sailing 23 miles above earth! Also, go wash your greasy faces. Personal care company Kiehl’s has made the connection between outer space and men’s skin care in a social media-based contest and a cheeky science-fair-on-steroids video that debuted this week. So…what is the connection? There truly is one, promises Kiehl’s and its advertising agency, so try to keep up, OK? One of the main ingredients in Kiehl’s Oil Eliminator, a new product in the heritage brand’s male-targeted line, is aerolite, one of the lightest man-made materials on the planet, also known for its porousness. NASA has used a formulation of aerolite in its space missions, including on the Mars Exploration Rover, for collecting space dust and insulating spacecrafts. Read more...More about Business and Marketing

Starbucks is planning to add another bit of ambiance to its stores: wireless charging for smartphones. The company has announced it's in the early stages of a national deployment of Powermat chargers — little circular pads embedded in counters and tabletops that juice up compatible devices. See also: $54.75 Will Buy You the World's Most Expensive Starbucks Drink Pads will show up in San Francisco shops first, with expansion to other cities starting next year. Powermat competes with existing wireless power standards, most notably the Qi system, found on handsets from Nokia and recent Nexus devices Read more...More about Starbucks, Marketing, Tech, and Gadgets

The Mashable Events Board is a great place to find leading conferences in your industry, whether it's advertising, technology, media or public relations. This week, we're highlighting five events that we think can help move your career forward, from those in Colorado to Boston. If you don't find something that's right for you, check out more than 60 events featured in our complete listing. Read more...On the Events Board, you can sort listings by date added, get discount codes as a Mashable reader and watch videos of past events to get previews of what to expect. You can also follow @MashableEvents on Twitter to catch the best events before they sell out. More about Media, Events, Marketing, Business, and Jobs

World Cup 1, Super Bowl 0 Before the first kickoff, ads related to the World Cup have already been shared more than this year's crop of Super Bowl commercials, according to marketing-technology company Unruly. The top-20 World Cup 2014 ads have so far netted 6.9 million shares across social media. That's 31.4% more than the 4.7 million shares related to the top-20 ads from Super Bowl 2014 See also: Twitter Launches Video-Sharing Feature With Visa, Adidas If you take Shakira's Activia ad, "La La La (Brazil 2014)" out of the equation, though, the Super Bowl is still slightly ahead in shares, according to Unruly. Read more...More about Advertising, Marketing, Business, 2014 World Cup Brazil, and Sports

Twitter appears to be experimenting with a new mobile ad feature with two World Cup advertisers, Visa and Adidas. The feature, which Twitter had apparently tested with the film A Million Ways to Die in the West last month, lets you easily share a video ad when you use a hashtag. For instance, if you type "#visa" and then a space, you should see a paper clip prompt in your Twitter iOS app. Click on the icon and you can attach a video, which is an ad for Visa. See also: Patrick Stewart, Aaron Paul Star in Twitter Documentary Image: Mashable composite, TwitterAdidas is testing a similar program with the hashtag #allin, which appears to lead to this video: Read more...More about Twitter, Brands, Business, Advertising, and Marketing

For those already on Twitter, the service can often feel like the entire world is listening — but with user growth tapering off, that's not quite accurate. To help further push Twitter into the mainstream the company has unveiled a slick new commercial promoting its efforts during this week's World Cup series of matches in Brazil. See also: World Cup Stars: 20 Electrifying Players You Need to Know The ad, titled "#WorldCup on Twitter: Love every second," includes Twitter users in Brazil, Africa and Japan interacting on the service while using the official #WorldCup and #WorldCup2014 hashtags. Read more...More about Twitter, Brazil, Advertisements, Hashtags, and Commercials

During the Super Bowl, RadioShack ran an ad showing two red-shirted workers. One answers the phone and looks troubled. Then we hear the receiver click. "What?" asks the other. "The '80s called," the employee replies. "They want their store back." By the looks of it, they may get it soon. Despite a new program that offers same-day repairs for smartphones, RadioShack turned in some dismal first-quarter numbers including a $98.3 million loss and a 14% drop in revenues, marking the ninth consecutive quarter that sales fell at the chain See also: Ring Up the Past With These Vintage RadioShack Cellphone Ads Read more...More about Radioshack, Business, and Marketing

Quick, avert your eyes, automatonophobes! Even if you don’t suffer from an irrational fear of wax figures, mannequins and ventriloquist dummies, you might get the willies after watching a new commercial for Colorado-based FirstBank. The ad, called Bargain Dummy, sends a creepy wooden doll home with a clueless yard sale shopper. Why was it free? Oh, he’ll find out. The 30-second spot, running on national broadcast and cable TV and across digital platforms like Hulu, ESPN, Yahoo and Pandora, is an example of spine-tingling marketing for brands as diverse as radial tires, ice cream shops, cell phones and house paint. Read more...More about Business, Advertising, and Marketing

Line, the Japanese messaging app with more than 450 million users, has a message for the ad world: We're open for business. The service, which is reportedly considering an IPO, announced a partnership Monday with Salesforce.com that would let advertisers target users via the service. Marketers have already had the ability to reach consumers on Line, but Salesforce now lets them include the messaging app in a dashboard with a suite of apps. The upshot: Line and possibly other messaging services may become just another channel for marketers, along with Facebook, Twitter and search For marketers, the new dashboard will look like this: Read more...More about Business, Advertising, and Marketing

If Wayne Rooney wasn't a footballer, he'd probably be a fisherman. But the only way he wouldn't be a footballer is if the clones took over. Nike's latest ad, "The Last Game," in support of World Cup fever takes on a similar premise to the latest dystopian sci-fi movie. It pits man vs. the "perfect" clone — a soccer player that performs like a machine and is, supposedly, unbeatable. But they're missing one thing: heart (or, as Nike puts it, the willingness to take risks). It's sort of like a Gattaca that substitutes soccer for space travel See also: 32 Outstanding World Cup Names (and How to Pronounce Them) Read more...More about Soccer, Business, Ad, Advertisement, and Commercial

Instagram is taking its advertising strategy global The photo-sharing service owned by Facebook announced on Tuesday that it will begin showing in-feed ads to international users "in the coming months," according to a company spokesperson. Instagram will start with three countries — Canada, the United Kingdom, and Australia — but more countries could be added in the future See also: 12 Most Cliché Photos on Instagram It's unclear how many of Instagram's 200 million-plus users are outside the United States — the company doesn't break down its user demographics publicly. Instagram also did not identify any of its upcoming international advertisers, but a spokesperson did say that the ads will be tailored and targeted to the individual regions Read more...More about Facebook, International, Instagram, Advertising, and Marketing

Thanks to a new innovation from Domino's it's a great time to be a pizza consumer, but not so great to be a pizza deliverer As this video shows, the fast food chain is applying physics principles to pizza delivery to ensure your pie doesn't arrive resembling a regurgitated hunk of lasagna. In particular, this nifty design "uses two 'hemispheres' fixed on X and Y axes, with pendulums of lead to compensate for the movement of the bike," as Creativity Online explains. For the layman, it sort of resembles a gyroscope While this is great news for consumers in Brazil where the "Steady Pizza" contraption is available, spare a moment to pity the drivers who have to strap it to the backs of their motorbikes. The Steady Pizza looks to be about the size of a mini fridge or an old-school CRT TV set. All the more reason to tip your driver extravagantly. Read more...More about Business and Marketing

Facebook has been evolving and if you ask the average small business owner, not all Facebook change is good change. When a platform's technology is beyond your control, how do you adapt your business strategy to keep up? I asked eight startup founders from Young Entrepreneur Council (YEC) how they have improved Facebook engagement, even in spite of recent algorithm changes that had some business owners running to other platforms. Here's what they had to say: See also: 8 Creative Uses for Twitter You've Never Tried 1. Integrated approach A few years ago we relied heavily on fan page interactions. Now with the changes made we have seen dramatic drops in engagement through Facebook for our brand. To counter this we have taken a more integrated approach with all our social networks and started to use pins and tweets in A/B tests to gauge fan interactions. If something catches the attention of viewers, then we also share it on Facebook.— Jerry Piscitelli, Portopong LLC Read more...More about Startup, Small Business, Facebook Marketing, Yec, and Business

Amazon recently won a patent for perhaps the most commonly used photography technique around: snapping a picture of an object against a white background. But according to experts, the patent isn't exactly what it seems and shouldn't have as much of a profound impact on photographers as they think. The news of the patent win first surfaced about two weeks ago, and the resulting uproar focused on supposed ownership of a basic technique. Technically, it could mean Amazon has license to sue anyone shooting a catalog. See also: The 18 Most Important Features in iOS 8 Not surprisingly, photographers are not happy. In fact, there's already a petition circulating with nearly 45,000 signatures asking the US Patent and Trademark Office to appeal the parent. Read more...More about Amazon, Photography, Patent, Marketing, and Tech

If you frequently watch videos posted to Facebook, marketers may soon target you with their video ads, too. Facebook added a new targeting tool Thursday that will surface video ads to users who frequently watch videos on the platform. If video views are an important element of a marketers' campaigns, they can identify that to Facebook, which will ensure the videos appear for users most likely to click the play button. See also: 20 Things Your Most Annoying Friends Do on Facebook This doesn't mean users will see more ads than normal, a Facebook spokesperson told Mashable, just that the type of ads they see may change. Read more...More about Facebook, Advertising, Marketers, Marketing, and Social Media

With the proliferation of tools for both measuring and automating your marketing efforts, startups aren't exactly wanting for real-time marketing data. But while spreadsheets and dashboards are nice, actually being able to prove your marketing works is far more useful. See also: 10 Ways to Boost Sales on Your Ecommerce Website Interested in how other startups are measuring their marketing efforts, I asked a group of entrepreneurs from Young Entrepreneur Council to share how they currently track their successes (and failures). Their best responses are below: 1. Tracking Now that high-quality content has so many benefits in the marketing world, it's important to track all its different uses. For example, when you share specific pieces of content, use Buffer to track it. Or, when you send someone an email that includes a specific type of content, use HubSpot or Infusionsoft to track the results. It can be as simple as tracking the clicks on your recent post that's in your signature line.- John Hall, Influence & Co. Read more...More about Google Analytics, Yec, Business, Marketing, and Small Business

Pinterest is expanding its first major ad offering, Promoted Pins, to all businesses in hopes of capturing ad dollars from small and medium size businesses. San Francisco-based Pinterest announced on Thursday that all businesses will soon be able to pay to promote their content in search and category feeds on the service. Pinterest first rolled out promoted pins to paid advertisers in May, testing the program with a dozen large advertisers. See also: How To Plan Your Summer Vacation on Pinterest The company is using what it calls a "do-it-yourself" tool that will enable smaller businesses to set up their own promotions moving forward. The company is testing the new tool with a handful of SMBs before a full launch, and other interested advertisers can apply for the program here. Advertisers will pay every time a user clicks on their ad. Read more...More about Facebook, Advertising, Twitter, Marketing, and Small Business

Thanks to Amazon's teaser video, the company's mysterious June 18 product announcement may not be so mysterious after all. On Wednesday, Amazon announced plans to introduce a new product later this month. The company attempted to create some anticipation with a 50-second video that showed consumers reacting to something offscreen, but the Internet has pored over the video — and found what looks like the reflection of a smartphone in one woman's glasses See also: 25 Best Free Android Apps As a refresher, here's the video: Rumors have swirled around a possible 3D smartphone from Amazon for months. Bloomberg also reported that Amazon planned to introduce a smartphone at the event Read more...More about Amazon, Smartphone, Business, and Marketing

The ads you see on Facebook may soon look a lot like the ads you see on Google Marketers are now able to take keywords from your search query on Google (or Yahoo or Bing) and use that information to offer you more targeted ads in your Facebook feed That's thanks to ad technology created by Facebook ad partner Kenshoo Social. Kenshoo's technology is still in beta, but won't be for long. The company says that many of its clients should have access to the service in the coming weeks See also: Facebook Is Trying to Be Less Creepy If you click on an ad that results from a search query, marketers can use Kenshoo to pick out keywords from your searches to better target you on the social network Read more...More about Google, Facebook, Social Ads, Search Ads, and Advertising

The weird and wonderful world of Internet memes may seem random and ephemeral. But one management company is taking this new kind of entertainment and helping its creators turn 15 minutes of web fame into actual profit. In the latest episode of the Dailymotion/Mashable series That Was Me, the spotlight is on Ben Lashes and his stable of meme makers. From Grumpy Cat to Keyboard Cat, Lashes is the leather-clad promotional machine behind some the web’s favorite feline phenomenons. He also offers an inside look at a brand new world of marketing. BONUS: Meet the Cat Meme Team Image: DailyMotion Read more...More about Video, Marketing, Watercooler, Videos, and Memes

From Heartbleed to the NSA, there are a lot of headlines these days about privacy — and whether we even have much of it left to protect. What we know for sure is that consumers are giving away a lot of information (especially online), and they're starting to wonder how safe it really is. See also: The Heartbleed Hit List: The Passwords You Need to Change Right Now The big question is, will consumers soon demand more from the businesses they frequent (online and off)? How will that impact the way we work? I asked a panel of 10 successful founders to predict what impact privacy concerns will have on entrepreneurs. Their answers are below: Read more...More about Business, Cookies, Yec, Marketing, and Small Business

The rise of the sharing economy has brought us services we never thought possible before. As populations around the world are thinking about ownership in new ways, services like Uber, Airbnb and your local city's bike share program have all cropped up, products of this cultural shift, A recent report by Nielsen confirms this growing trend, showing that sharing has increased not only in areas where it was already widespread, like Asia-Pacific and Latin America, but in historically non-sharing economies from Europe and North America as well See also: 8 Big Questions About Google's Self-Driving Car Read more...More about World, Business, Marketing, Mobile, and Us