UPDATE 1:30 p.m. ET: ESPN confirmed on Twitter that there were some issues with its streaming service on Thursday amid record demand from users during the U.S. World Cup match. CORRECTION: 1.7 million concurrent viewers is across ALL of WatchESPN, not just #USAvsGermany match #WorldCup2014 — Kristie Chong Adler (@KristieESPNPR) June 26, 2014 That came after anxious U.S. soccer fans took to Twitter to voice frustration with the stream of the U.S. match against Germany. An ESPN spokesperson said that the streams peaked at 1.7 million viewers across all its properties, and that it is looking into limited problems due to "unprecedented demand." Read more...More about Streaming Video, Espn, Media, Entertainment, and Tv

I'm standing on the roof of a building in the middle of the night. Below me, framed in bright lights, a man is being beaten to death. The sounds are hard to make out, but he screams as officers surround him, kick his body, tase him. The woman next to me jumps up and down, crying, imploring the officers to stop attacking the man. "He's not resisting!" I'm watching Anastasio Hernandez Rojas die, after he attempted to cross the U.S.-Mexico border in 2010. Rojas had lived in San Diego since he was 14, and had five children there, but had been deported two months prior Except the scene isn't live. Nor is it a video recording. It's somewhere, eerily, in between. It's a virtual reality representation based on real events Read more...More about Media, Entertainment, Gaming, Features, and Tech

RIO DE JANEIRO — As the world was judging Uruguay's Luis Suarez for biting a player in the World Cup, his teammates, coaches and fans in his soccer-crazy country defended the star, blaming the foreign media, his Italian opponents and uneven treatment. World Cup organizers scrambled Wednesday to quickly decide on a punishment before Uruguay plays Colombia Saturday in the round of 16. See also: World Cup Fans Go Rabid for Luis Suarez Bite Memes "We have to resolve it either today or tomorrow," FIFA disciplinary panel member Martin Hong told reporters Wednesday. "It's our duty to see justice done." Read more...More about Luis Suarez, Media, Entertainment, 2014 World Cup Brazil, and Sports

USA Today is trying out a new content discovery tool to keep readers from leaving the site. The newspaper has tapped Curiyo, a startup founded by Bob Rosenschein, who created Answers.com and sold it to AFCV Holdings for $127 million in 2011. Curiyo lets you click on a word or name to find out more about them. As of Wednesday, the links are only available on the desktop version of USA Today's Life section. (There's no mobile version of Curiyo yet.) If you click on highlighted words in Life stories, you'll see a window pop up on the right-hand side with links to relevant pages. Here's the window you get when you click on Eli Wallach's name in the paper's obituary: Read more...More about Business and Media

The Supreme Court found that Aereo violated broadcasters' copyrights by distributing their free, over-the-air signals for a fee online. But regardless of the court's 6-3 ruling on Wednesday, there are several completely legal options that do exactly the same thing. Aereo used thousands of tiny antennae to receive over-the-air signals that its subscribers could use to watch live television and recorded programs on their mobile devices and computers. That's still possible to do on your own with an HD antenna, a digital video recorder and a device that streams your content over the web. See also: Aereo's Supreme Court Defeat: The Winners and The Losers Read more...More about Tivo, Supreme Court, Cord Cutting, Dvr, and Media Streaming

The Supreme Court ruled against Aereo in a case with major ramifications for the media and technology industries. Broadcasters, Internet giants, cloud computing startups and even the U.S. government chose sides on this case Now, the battle is over and the field is littered with losers and winners. Here's a look at the new landscape: The Losers Aereo Chet Kanojia, chief executive officer of Aereo Inc., leaves the U.S. Supreme Court following oral arguments by Aereo Inc. and American Broadcasting Companies Inc. in Washington, D.C., U.S., on April 22, 2014. U.SImage: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg/Getty Images Read more...More about Business, Media, Startups, Tv, and Aereo

In his first statement following Aereo's defeat in the U.S. Supreme Court case Aereo v. ABC et al. (6 to 3), CEO and founder Chet Kanojia called the decision a "massive setback for the American consumer" and added that "our work is not done." See also: Aereo's Supreme Court Defeat: The Winners and The Losers “Today’s decision by the United States Supreme Court is a massive setback for the American consumer. We’ve said all along that we worked diligently to create a technology that complies with the law, but today’s decision clearly states that how the technology works does not matter. This sends a chilling message to the technology industry. It is troubling that the Court states in its decision that, ‘to the extent commercial actors or other interested entities may be concerned with the relationship between the development and use of such technologies and the Copyright Act, they are of course free to seek action from Congress.’ (Majority, page 17) That begs the question: Are we moving towards a permission-based system for technology innovation? Read more...More about Business, Media, and Aereo

Aereo, the startup that threatened to upend traditional television broadcasting by capturing over-the-air TV signals and streaming them on the Internet, was dealt a crushing defeat by the Supreme Court on Wednesday. The justices ruled 6 to 3 that Aereo violated copyrights by streaming broadcast channels to customers. The ruling is a victory for TV broadcasters and a death blow to Aereo, according to its main backer, Barry Diller, told CNBC soon after the ruling was announced. "We did try, but now it's over," he said. See also: Aereo's Supreme Court Defeat: The Winners and The Losers The majority opinion found that Aereo's service falls under the Copyright Act because it is similar to a cable company. Read more...More about Supreme Court, Business, Media, and Aereo

ABC News has announced that Diane Sawyer will step down as the lead anchor of ABC World News, the network's flagship evening news program. Sawyer, 68, will be replaced by David Muir, who will also become managing editor of the program, starting on Sept. 2. George Stephanopoulos, who co-anchors Good Morning America, has been named chief anchor for ABC News on special reports and breaking news. Sawyer took the anchor's seat at World News in December 2009, and has been one of the most visible female journalists of her generation. She was the first female correspondent for 60 Minutes. She will remain with ABC News in a role "tackling big issues and extraordinary interviews," but loses editorial control of the main news program at ABC. Read more...More about News, Abc, Television, Business, and Media

Breaking news: Something fishy's going on at the BBC Users of the BBC News app received a very odd push alert on Wednesday. Image: TwitterSee also: 21 Decisions You Will Immediately Regret To be fair, no nudity on Game of Thrones would definitely qualify as headline news, but the rest of the nonsensical push notification pointed to either a hack job, or more likely, a very bored app developer The same push alert was also sent a second time to users. BBC News quickly issued an apology, saying the message occurred because of a "testing error" and not any hacking or foul play Re two incorrect @BBCNews push notifications sent earlier. This was result of a testing error. The account has not been hacked. — BBC Press Office (@bbcpress) June 25, 2014 Read more... More about Bbc, Funny, Media, Watercooler, and Conversations

"Time is money" might be a tired cliche, but it's gaining more traction with websites seeking to move beyond pageviews. Upworthy on Monday became the most recent company to publicly embrace "time spent" as a better metric of reader engagement than traditional stats. The company also released its code for how it measures "attention minutes." See also: 5 Excellent Productivity Tools for Remote Workers "Clicks and pageviews, long the industry standards, are drastically ill-equipped for the job. Even the share isn’t a surefire measure that the user has spent any time engaging with the content itself." Upworthy wrote in a blog post. Read more...More about Online Advertising, Analytics, Pageviews, Business, and Advertising

"Right now, as we're speaking, I’m looking at hippos at a watering hole in Africa," Charles Annenberg Weingarten says with a mix of salesmanship and genuine wonder. "Waves are breaking at Pipeline Beach." Weingarten isn't standing near any hippos in Africa nor is he dipping his toes in the sand at the beach. He's sitting on a green couch in a converted apartment in Santa Monica, California, surrounded by six barking dogs. In front of him, there's a screen showing just a few of the many live camera feeds he has helped to install around the world. Cameras are streaming footage of brown bears waiting patiently for salmon in Alaska, stingrays gliding past coral in the UK, closeups of honey bee colonies buzzing inside their hive in Germany, and yes, animals gathered around a remote watering hole in Kenya Read more...More about Media, Social Good, and Business

Two of the largest U.S. professional sports leagues have entered into a joint venture to launch a new video startup tailored to mobile fans and cord cutters that miss being able to tune in to ESPN. 120 Sports launched on Wednesday with equity stakes from Major League Baseball and the National Hockey League, as well as Time Inc., college-sports syndicator Campus Insiders and digital-sports media company Silver Chalice. The operation is already sizable with more than 130 staff based out of Chicago See also: 20 Funniest YouTube Videos According to Reddit The startup features video on demand of sports highlights from professional hockey, baseball, basketball, NASCAR, golf and college sports, as well as eight hours of daily live programming from 6 p.m. to 2 a.m. ET (starting at 4 p.m. on Sundays). The major gap is the NFL, which means no professional football highlights. Negotiations between the NFL and 120 Sports are ongoing, according to a 120 Sports spokesperson. Read more...More about Online Video, Startups, Business, Media, and Sports

New York Times columnist Timothy Egan has gotten into a skirmish with Walmart after the retailer lobbed an uncharacteristically snarky response to one of his recent columns. The Times column, entitled "The Corporate Daddy," ran on June 19 and identified Walmart as "a big part of the problem" concerning low wages and the need created for government assistance. Walmart fired back on the company's blog, saying the column was "wildly inaccurate" and posting a pointed, sarcastic annotation of the column. See also: The 10 Most Epic Celebrity Twitter Fights The response, which can be found in its entirety below, takes issue with some of the factual assertions of Egan's column, including how much the average Walmart employee makes. Egan cited studies that said Walmart "associates" make anywhere from $8.81 per hour to under $11 per hour, below the $11.83 Walmart claims (when part-time workers are factored in). Read more...More about New York Times, Walmart, Business, and Media

Apple TV got a step or two closer on Tuesday to becoming a replacement for cable with new content deals with ABC, AOL, PBS Kids and Willow TV. ABC News launched a video app for Apple TV that will deliver a 24-hour video news channel; content will include about eight hours of live video per day. ABC promised live hourly updates plus video highlights from Good Morning America, Nightline and World News With Diane Sawyer. There will also be updates from nine major market ABC TV stations in the United States, plus 50 years of historical footage from ABC News' archives. See also: Are Cord-Cutters Killing Cable Companies? Not So Fast Read more...More about Aol, Netflix, Abc, Apple, and Apple Tv

Sports Illustrated knows the score. The explosion in mobile traffic, the emergence of fantasy sports and the popularity of native advertising have changed the game for legacy media outlets like SI. A ground-up website redesign, a new fantasy app that allows for actual gambling and a soon-to-be revealed live streaming video project are being rolled out to keep the magazine competitive in an increasingly crowded digital sports media industry. See also: 10 Countries With the Highest Gambling Losses of 2013 SI remains one of the flagship brands of parent company Time Inc., which spun off from Time Warner just two weeks ago. For media watchers looking for an idea of the direction Time Inc. intends to go, the SI projects highlight a rush to embrace changes that have eroded the bottom line of traditional magazine companies. However, the projects began before the spin off was announced. Read more...More about Time Inc, Sports Illustrated, Magazines, Business, and Media

Wikipedia has changed its terms of service in a move that now requires editors to disclose whether or not they are getting paid — a change meant to prevent contributions from non-objective sources. The new terms of service requires that any editor specifically paid to write or edit a Wikipedia entry disclose his affiliation on his edit summary and user page. Volunteer editors, or people who might make "good faith" edits as part of their jobs, are not affected See also: Wikipedia Looked Pretty Much the Same 13 Years Ago "We believe that undisclosed paid advocacy editing is a black hat practice that can threaten the trust of Wikimedia’s volunteers and readers." wrote Geoff Brigham, general counsel for Wikimedia, in a blog post outlining the changes. "We have serious concerns about the way that such editing affects the neutrality and reliability of Wikipedia." Read more...More about Media, Wikipedia, Business, and Wikimedia Foundation

The man who helped BuzzFeed usher in the era of native advertising on the Internet is ready to awaken the quiet giant of U.S. online media. Jon Steinberg, 37, took the position of CEO at MailOnline earlier this week, having left BuzzFeed in May. He believes he can do for MailOnline what he did for BuzzFeed — make money off the content that its users can't resist. See also: 10 Startups to Watch in 2014 "You've got to pick the things that are the hallmark," Steinberg told Mashable"You've got to look for those little cultural touchstone things that make you stand out and make people love you." By pairing companies with content, Steinberg helped transform BuzzFeed from a viral oddity into a valuable digital media property. During his time as chief operating officer, BuzzFeed became a destination for advertisers seeking value amid low-quality banner ads and high-priced video options. Steinberg reportedly left BuzzFeed after talks about an acquisition by Disney fell through Read more...More about Daily Mail, Business, Media, Buzzfeed, and Viral Media

Upfront Ventures, the first investor in Marker Studios, is taking another stake in a YouTube network startup. The VC firm has led a $10 million round for MiTú, a popular YouTube network focused focused on Latino audiences. MiTú's has more than 40 million combined subscribers across its channels and logs over 400 million monthly views, according to the company's press release See also: Top 10 YouTube Beauty Channels to Follow The news was first reported by Re/code. MiTú raised $3 million in 2012 in a round lead by the Chernin Group. Recent major acquisitions of YouTube networks — Disney's acquisition of Maker Studios and DreamWorks buying AwesomenessTV — have made the once-maligned online video production industry a hot commodity. Read more...More about Youtube, Business, Media, Youtube Networks, and Upfront Ventures

Chelsea Handler has signed a deal with Netflix for a new talk show to begin in early 2016, the on-demand streaming video company's first foray into late-night programming territory. The deal also includes a new one-hour standup special to air on Oct. 10 based on her recent "Uganda Be Kidding Me" tour. She will also make four "docu-comedy" specials in which she learns about new subjects ranging from Nascar and the NBA draft to politics and Silicon Valley. See also: 6 Great Alternatives to Netflix The format and the timing of the airing of the show was not immediately clear, but Netflix said that it would be "updated" while still featuring "Chelsea’s unfiltered opinions on topical entertainment and cultural issues, as well as her signature guest interviews." Read more...More about Netflix, Media, Entertainment, Tv, and Chelsea Handler

Univision is kicking off a new deal with Twitter by letting State Farm, McDonald's and Verizon run ads on tweeted videos of World Cup highlights. The 5- to 7-second ads come before game clips aired on Univision's @UnivisionSports Twitter handle. Univision Sports will tweet several sponsored highlights per game. This one from Wednesday's Netherlands-Australia game, for instance, features a quick ad from State Farm: See also: World Cup's Greatest Goal Dives Headfirst Into Meme Infamy ¡Al 54' #NED empató el partido con un fantástico gol conducto por Van Persie! Míralo aquí @StateFarmLatino http://t.co/gqypgo7oY3 — Univision Deportes (@UnivisionSports) June 18, 2014 Read more... More about Media, Advertising, Business, Marketing, and Univision

Alternate headline: powerless bill doomed to fail. Two Democratic members of Congress — Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont and Rep. Doris Matsui of California — will propose legislation that will push the Federal Communications Commission to do whatever it can to ensure net neutrality, according to The Washington Post. See also: FCC and Net Neutrality: What You Need to Know The proposal comes amid the growing realization that the laws Congress has enacted may be too narrow to provide for net neutrality, forcing the FCC to plod forward in hopes that it can write regulation that keeps the Internet a level playing field while staying within the legal bounds it has already twice exceeded. Read more...More about Net Neutrality, Fcc, Congress, Media, and Us World

For most Dodgers fans in Los Angeles, this is turning into a vanishing year. With the mid-point of the Major League Baseball season approaching, Time Warner Cable is no closer to convincing DirecTV or any other pay-TV system to carry the Dodgers’ new TV network SportsNet LA. See also: Rob Delaney Belts Out National Anthem at Dodgers Game That’s left more than two-thirds of Los Angeles unable to watch the Dodgers this season, leading to a surge in stadium attendance, record ratings for radio broadcasts, increased online piracy of games — and plenty of fan outrage. "It’s super frustrating," said Mike Verdi, manager of Big Wangs, a sports bar in Hollywood, about eight miles west of Dodger Stadium"It's not fair to the fans, or for business. Everybody loses." Read more...More about Entertainment, Tv, Time Warner, Features, and Business

Please don't stop the music. YouTube's hotly anticipated music streaming service is on its way, and the site is making preparations to penalize record labels that haven't agreed to its terms. See also: The Rise of Digital Music Over the Past 10 Years Videos of independent labels that have refused to agree to deals on for a new paid subscription offering will soon find their videos blocked, according to a report from the Financial Times. YouTube confirmed to Mashable that a subscription music service is int he works ""Our goal is to continue making YouTube an amazing music experience, both as a global platform for fans and artists to connect, and as a revenue source for the music industry," a YouTube spokesperson wrote in an email. "We’re adding subscription-based features for music on YouTube with this in mind — to bring our music partners new revenue streams in addition to the hundreds of millions of dollars YouTube already generates for them each year. We are excited that hundreds of major and independent labels are already partnering with us." Read more...More about Google, Youtube, Streaming Music, Business, and Media

In a move that capitalizes on Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer's largest acquisition, Tumblr native ads will begin to appear across Yahoo properties, the company announced Tuesday. The ads, called "sponsored posts," will seek to capitalize on the strengths of each platform — Yahoo's massive traffic and data and the engagement levels of Tumblr's platform. See also: The Complete Guide to Tumblr Subcultures Yahoo will offer the ads to marketers through its Gemini platform, which launched in February. "Through Yahoo Gemini, now the same posts — articles, images or videos — can be promoted through native ads across Yahoo’s content streams, article pages, image galleries and digital magazines, on desktop, mobile and tablets," Yahoo stated in a release. "Yahoo’s data makes it easy for brands to reach the right audiences at scale with seamless, impactful native ads that drive engagement." Read more...More about Yahoo, Tumblr, Marissa Mayer, Business, and Advertising

Justine Sacco, the PR exec who became a Twitter cause célèbre in December when her provocative tweet about Africa made the rounds, is back promoting the relaunch of Hot or Not. Sacco, formerly of IAC, will help with the app's promotion and relaunch, according to BuzzFeed. The app, based on the once-hot website that rates people on their perceived comeliness, has been repurposed to use location-based data to point out the most attractive people in your vicinity. The app, which is now owned by the UK-based Badoo, will also curate customized Hot Lists based on how each user votes on profiles of celebrities that have been created by the Hot or Not team. Read more...More about Media, Twitter, Hot Or Not, Business, and Justine Sacco



Second acts in business can be hard to pull off, especially when you've been as successful as former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer But just months after stepping down from his post, Ballmer, serving as the commencement speaker for the 2014 graduating class at the University of Washington on Saturday, has given us a hint at what his next act might be: motivational speaker See also: In Commencement Speech, Obama Unloads on Climate Change 'Deniers' Before his speech, Ballmer, who graduated from Harvard University as an undergrad, but dropped out of the Stanford Graduate School of Business, was given an honorary Doctorate of Science degree Read more...More about Microsoft, Barack Obama, Business, Bill Gates, and Steve Ballmer

Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos sent his favorite children's book to members of the press slated to attend the company's mysterious product event in Seattle next week, where it's expected to launch a 3D smartphone, and it comes with a clever message. Mashable received on Friday a copy of "Mr. Pine's Purple House" by Leonard Kessler (1965) from Amazon, along with the following note: "We're excited that you'll be joining us next week in Seattle. Enclosed is my favorite childhood book — Mr. Pine's Purple House. I think you'll agree that the world is a better place when things are a little bit different. See you soon — Jeff Bezos." Read more...More about Mobile, Amazon, Smartphone, Marketing, and Media

In the hours and days after the Boston Marathon bombing, the hive mind of Reddit sprang into action. Redditors studied pictures from the scene, listened to police scanners and pieced together information in attempts to identify the suspects. It was the culmination of what had become a popular pastime on the link-sharing site — compiling breaking news reports from disparate sources to provide what its users considered to be a richer and more timely picture than mainstream news reports. The series of Reddit posts about the explosions and the aftermath is primarily remembered for culminating in the accusation of an innocent college student, who had been missing for about a month before the bombing. (He was later found dead, but police said foul play was not suspected.) Read more...More about Reddit, Business, Media, Us, and Boston Marathon

"No one ever said on her death bed, 'I wish I'd spent more time on Facebook,'" says attorney and media correspondent Lisa Bloom A more likely scenario: regret that she didn't do more to save her grandchildren from rising carbon dioxide levels, because she was too busy scrolling her News Feed and flipping through Us Weekly. Bloom believes Western society's current preoccupation with trivial celebrity gossip and insipid social media — and the time we waste with it — will be its downfall. As our fascination for easy entertainment increases, our investment in global affairs decreases. In particular, women should do more to fight climate change; it is a uniquely women's issue, she says. They are innately suited to battle climate problems, some would argue better than men. Read more...More about Entertainment, Climate Change, Features, Women, and Gender

Comedian Louis C.K. and filmmaker Judd Apatow are asking TMZ to remove a video recorded at the scene of Saturday's car crash involving 30 Rock actor Tracy Morgan. A tractor trailer struck a limousine bus on the New Jersey Turnpike, killing comedian James McNair and injuring Morgan and three others who were in the limo. See also: Tracy Morgan's New Show on Hold, But FX Will Wait for His Recovery The chilling video, posted Monday, shows people huddled near the limo moments before onlookers pull Morgan's friend and fellow comedian Ardie Fuqua from the vehicle Louis C.K. and Apatow used Twitter to urge TMZ to take down the clip Read more...More about Tmz, Tracy Morgan, Car Crash, Media, and Entertainment

Rest your fingers — they're going to be doing a whole lot of clicking. ClickHole, the viral parody site from The Onion, launched on Thursday. The site skewers digital media in much the same way it lampoons traditional print media. It includes all the classic viral media formats — listicles, quizzes and even some "sponsored" content See also: 9 Social Media Hoaxes You Fell for in 2013 ClickHole's announcement made clear that the site has one priority: to generate traffic at all costs. "We strive to make sure that all of our content panders to and misleads our readers just enough to make it go viral," the release read. The site was first announced at The Onion's NewFronts event in April. Read more...More about The Onion, Business, Media, Viral Media, and Clickhole

The Mashable Events Board is a great place to find leading conferences in your industry, whether it's advertising, technology, media or public relations. This week, we're highlighting five events that we think can help move your career forward, from those in Colorado to Boston. If you don't find something that's right for you, check out more than 60 events featured in our complete listing. Read more...On the Events Board, you can sort listings by date added, get discount codes as a Mashable reader and watch videos of past events to get previews of what to expect. You can also follow @MashableEvents on Twitter to catch the best events before they sell out. More about Media, Events, Marketing, Business, and Jobs

The already crowded streaming music market now has to contend with Amazon. The ecommerce company has introduced a music element to Prime, adding to the video and literary media offerings of the subscription service. Starting Thursday, Prime members will have access to Amazon's music service at no extra cost. Prime Music, as Amazon is calling the service, will provide many of the same options as streaming services like Spotify or Beats. Users can stream an unlimited amount of music with no advertisements, play any song on demand as many times as desired and download any tracks that are available on the service Read more...More about Amazon, Apple, Ecommerce, Streaming Music, and Spotify

Book publisher Hachette has a high-profile companion in its standoff with Amazon. Pre-orders for upcoming Warner Bros. movies, including recent hit The Lego Movie, are unavailable on Amazon. The ecommerce giant refused in mid-May to pre-order the upcoming films due to a dispute with the studio, according to the New York Times. See also: 14 Songs That Made Film Adaptations Come To Life Amazon customers can sign up to be notified when copies of the movies go on sale. Other affected titles include Winter's Tale and Transcendence. The timing of the dispute is not ideal for Amazon. Jeff Bezos's company is currently in negotiations with Hachette over terms concerning ebook sales. The lack of a deal has resulted in Amazon not taking pre-orders of upcoming books, including J.K. Rowling's newest novel Read more...More about Amazon, Warner Bros, Business, Media, and The Lego Movie

For those already on Twitter, the service can often feel like the entire world is listening — but with user growth tapering off, that's not quite accurate. To help further push Twitter into the mainstream the company has unveiled a slick new commercial promoting its efforts during this week's World Cup series of matches in Brazil. See also: World Cup Stars: 20 Electrifying Players You Need to Know The ad, titled "#WorldCup on Twitter: Love every second," includes Twitter users in Brazil, Africa and Japan interacting on the service while using the official #WorldCup and #WorldCup2014 hashtags. Read more...More about Twitter, Brazil, Advertisements, Hashtags, and Commercials

Netflix will soon stop sending its users messages blaming their broadband providers for poor streaming quality Netflix announced it would end the "small scale test" on June 16, which started in early May. See also: Need for Speed: Google Joins Netflix in Grading ISPs on Streaming Video The messages aren't gone for good. In a blog post, Netflix said it will "evaluate rolling [the test] out more broadly." Netflix also addresses criticism from some broadband providers — primarily Verizon, which issued a cease and desist against these messages last week — that claim Netflix itself could be blamed for the degraded experience Read more...More about Verizon, Netflix, Business, Media, and Us

Alternative media outlet Vice could soon be valued at a little more than $2 billion, according to two reports that broke late on Monday Time Warner, which just spun off its print magazine business Time Inc, is in talks to make an investment in Vice Media, according to reports from Sky and the Financial Times. See also: American Journalist With Vice News Captured in Eastern Ukraine Sky valued the deal at around $2.2 billion while the FT called it between $2 billion and $3 billion Those valuations represent a significant mark up from the $1.4 billion valuation of Vice based on a 5% investment from 21st Century Fox Read more...More about Time Warner, Vice, Business, and Media

Starting Monday, investors finally have a way to invest in the future of magazines. The important question: will anyone want to? Time Inc. begins trading on Monday as an independent company, having been spun off from its former parent company, Time Warner. See also: Use These 10 Apps During Downtime The near future for much of the company is uncertain, particularly after the New York Times reported that Chief Executive Joe Ripp is looking to make cuts that could end up totaling 25% of the editorial budget In February, news broke that Time Inc. would be laying off around 500 staffers. It was not immediately clear if the 25% would be in addition to those cuts. Time Inc did not respond to request for comment. Read more...More about Digital Magazines, Time Inc, Magazines, Business, and Media

Google Chrome has edged out Microsoft's Internet Explorer in the ongoing battle of the browsers, according to Adobe Digital Report (ADI) data. The report shows Chrome making up 31.8% of all browser usage on the web, while Internet Explorer holds 30.9% — a small but significant margin. This is the first time ever that Google surpassed Microsoft in terms of browser popularity for overall mobile and desktop software. See also: 14 Google Tools You Didn't Know Existed But it gets even more interesting in the individual breakdowns of mobile and desktop browsers. While Chrome rules the roost in terms of mobile shares (14.3%), Internet Explorer is still dominating desktops with 13% ahead of Google. The disparity between the two platforms can be largely traced back to both Microsoft's grip on traditional computers and Google's consistent interface across multiple mobile devices. Read more...More about Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Media, Tech, and Apps Software

A New York jury on Thursday awarded the surviving members of the Beastie Boys $1.7 million in a copyright case against Monster Energy drink. Adam "Ad Rock" Horovitz and Michael "Mike D" Diamond appeared in a New York court last week seeking more than $2 million from Monster, which had used the Beastie Boys songs "Sabotage," "Make Some Noise" and "So What'cha Want" in the soundtrack for a video commemorating an annual snowboarding contest, Ruckus in the Rockies. The video was posted on YouTube. See also: 35 Ways Musicians and Music Brands Are Using Twitter's Vine App While Monster acknowledged that it used the material without permission, the surviving members of the group — a third, Adam "MCA" Yauch, died in 2012 — claim that the $125,000 that the company was offering was way too low. Yauch's will stipulated that his name, music, image or "any artistic property created" by him should not be used for advertising. The $2 million Horovitz and Diamond were seeking included $1 million for use of the songs and another $1 million for an "implied endorsement." Read more...More about Copyright, Beastie Boys, Business, Media, and Music

Publisher Hachette, which is embroiled in a dispute with Amazon, announced Thursday that it was laying off about 28 staffers See also: 8 Books to Add to Your Summer Reading List A Hachette rep offered the following statement on the issue: Today, we had to make some difficult changes at HBG [Hachette Book Group] as part of a cost-savings initiative that will improve our company's resilience to a changing marketplace and position HBG for future growth. Unfortunately, these changes mean that some of our colleagues will be leaving the company. These efforts will improve efficiency and balance throughout HBG. This is essential to our company's continued growth, and our ability to carry out our primary goal: to publish our authors' work with passion, originality, and impact. Read more...More about Amazon, Book Publishing, Hachette, Business, and Media

Verizon has sent Netflix a cease-and-desist letter over an error message Netflix displayed to users this week charging that the service could not be accessed because Verizon's network was having connection problems. See also: Need for Speed: Google Joins Netflix in Grading ISPs on Streaming Video A Netflix rep told Mashable "this is about consumers not getting what they paid for from their broadband provider. We are trying to provide more transparency, just like we do with the ISP Speed Index, and Verizon is trying to shut down that discussion. The news was first reported by CNBC Here's a copy of the letter: Read more...More about Verizon, Netflix, Business, and Media

Hillary Clinton is on the cover of this week's People magazine with a bright smile and one her strongest comments yet that she is indeed preparing to run for president. The focus for many on Wednesday, however, was a detail toward the bottom of the picture of the former U.S. secretary of state. Image: People MagazineKeen-eyed observers have noted that the way the picture has been cropped left Clinton looking a little like she was leaning on a walker. Her hands, in reality, were on a chair, the magazine told The Wall Street Journal. See also: Hillary Clinton to Make Surprising Fox News Appearance Read more...More about Hillary Clinton, People Magazine, Media, Us World, and Us

When Dr. Dre and Jimmy Iovine became employees of Apple Inc. last week, it was the acqui-hire heard 'round the world. Here were two music luminaries who, through Apple's $3 billion purchase of Beats, must be the most powerful entertainment-industry hired guns in Silicon Valley history. But here's the thing: They're not even close. SEE ALSO: The Apple-Beats Deal: A 10-Year Affair Ends in Marriage Truth is, tech companies have been quietly poaching top Hollywood executives for a few years now. What began with a trickle of pioneers slipping across the border to help Silicon Valley companies manage fledgling content deals has turned it into a one-way reaping of the film and television studios' top talent as tech pushes into creating content of its own. Read more...More about Google, Youtube, Amazon, Entertainment, and Tv

The New York Times has launched a subscription app featuring the paper's opinion coverage as well as a curated feed of broader commentary. NYT Opinion, available now on iOS only, will cost $6 every four weeks. The app offers unlimited access to the opinion section on NYTimes.com, and like the recently released NYT Now app, the feature will also be bundled in with digital and home subscriptions as well as with Times Premier. See also: 6 Digital Challenges for The New York Times' New Editor Paul Smalera, formerly of Reuters and Fortune, will edit the new offering. The combination of Times content and curated stories from other outlets brought together by a specialized team is similar in structure to NYT Now, which focuses more on breaking news. The Times charges is $7.99 every four weeks for that app. Read more...More about Apps, New York Times, Business, Media, and Apps Software

Netflix has pointed its finger at another Internet service provider that it paid to ensure better streaming quality. Vox media designer Yuri Victor tweeted a picture in which Netflix displayed a warning within its interface, identifying Verizon as the reason for lagging performance. See also: Is Verizon Really Slowing Down Netflix? Oh snap, netflixpic.twitter.com/wMfavoHOyj — Yuri Victor ♥ (@yurivictor) June 4, 2014   In a conversation following the tweet, Victor said he tried to stream Netflix through his Apple computer via a Verizon FiOS connection in the Washington, D.C., area when he received the message. Victor and the analysts he interacted with, BTIG Research's Rich Greenfield and Walter Piecyk, said they had not seen the message before. Read more...More about Verizon, Comcast, Netflix, Net Neutrality, and Business

John Oliver called for his viewers to rise up against the Federal Communications Commission's proposed net neutrality rules at the end of an epic, 13-minute rant on Sunday — and commenters responded en masse. The FCC's online commenting system went down on Monday for "a few hours" due to "unusually heavy traffic," the FCC's press secretary Kim Hart confirmed to Mashable. The system received 22,257 comments over the last two days, almost as many as the FCC had previously received — before the weekend, the total was around 25,000, Hart said. See also: 5 Arguments Against Net Neutrality Overall, as of Monday, Hart said the FCC has received 64,400 comments, including those sent after the commission put out a public notice on February 19. The 22,257 comments submitted in the last two days, therefore, constitute one third of the total posted on the site in the last few months. The commission has also received 301,000 comments via email. Read more...More about Net Neutrality, Fcc, Media, Tv, and Us World

The British Broadcasting Company will slash 500 jobs from its news department as well as dozens from its radio division, according to a report The cuts would represent around 6% of the entire news force for Britain's state media outlet, a move that could escalate tensions that have already emerged between management and the union that represents BBC journalists See also: 10 Must-Follow Breaking News Accounts on Twitter Layoffs will happen slowly over the next two years, according to the report from Forbes. Relations between the BBC's union employees and the organization's administration have been strained. The media outlet has embarked on a multi-year effort, called Delivering Quality First, in an attempt to cut costs Read more...More about Layoffs, Bbc, Business, and Media

Katie Couric's career has spanned some of the most hallowed institutions of television journalism: Dateline NBC, 20/20, CBS Evening News, 60 Minutes As Yahoo's global news anchor, she now shifts into the growing, but raw, world of online videoWeb 3.0, Couric's new series, starts on Tuesday. Her other one, Now I Get It, is also in the works But don't call it a show. Those days have been left behind. "I wouldn't call it a show. It's really sort of a digital series," Couric said. "I think at some point down the road there may be a show per say, but right now these are interviews, profiles I'm going to be doing primarily." Read more...More about Yahoo, Katie Couric, Business, and Media

Plus-size swimwear company Swimsuits For All is proving sexiness comes in all sizes with a re-enactment of the Sports Illustrated 2014 Swimsuit Edition cover The original cover, featuring supermodels Chrissy Teigen, Lily Aldridge and Nina Agdal, was released in February and showcased barely-there bikini bottoms. Instead, Swimsuits for All's image features plus-size models Robyn Lawley, Jada Sezer, Shareefa J and fashion blogger Gabi Gregg — proving that "sexy curves go beyond a size four." See also: Are Only 'Attractive' Types of Nudity OK on Instagram? Image: Swimsuits For All “I think it’s sad that the representatives of women in mainstream culture are usually so small because we have such a diversity of sizes in the real world,” says Gregg in the video above. "So many women see those girls and think they have to look like them." Read more...More about Health, Body Image, Advertising, Media, and Conversations

Egypt's most potent satirist is off the air. Bassem Youssef has canceled his television program, "Al Bernameg." The anchor said he had been spurred by "harassment" and pressure, the source of which he did not directly identify. See also: 10 Innovations That Improved the World in 2013 He also expressed concerns for the safety of his family, citing a political climate "not suited for a political satire program," according to the Associated Press. "Stopping the program sends a much stronger message than if it continued," Youssef said. He added that MBC-Misr, the station which carried his show, "tried as much as they could but the pressure was immense." Read more...More about Egypt, Arab Spring, Business, Media, and Tv