There's a reason Marine Corporal William "Kyle" Carpenter doesn't hide his scars: He's proud of them and the service they represent. President Barack Obama awarded the highest military award in the United States to the retired marine for diving on top of a live grenade to save a fellow marine. Carpenter, 24, who received the Medal of Honor on Thursday, was on post in Afghanistan in November 2010 with his Corporal Nick Eufrazio, a friend, when enemy forces threw several hand grenades into the compound. One of the explosives landed between the two men, and in a split-second, Carpenter jumped on top of it, shielding Eufrazio from the blast and ultimately saving his life. Read more...More about Military, Awards, U.S. Military, Medal Of Honor, and Us World

Just a few weeks after the deadly attack on the American consulate in Benghazi in September 2012, its suspected mastermind, Ahmed Abu Khatalla, could be found at a luxury hotel in the Libyan coast town, wearing a red felt hat and sipping frothy strawberry drinks as he boasted to Reuters that he was not the kind of man to seek cover. "These reports say that no one knows where I am and that I am hiding," he said in the interview. "But here I am in the open, sitting in a hotel with you. I'm even going to pick up my sister's kids from school soon." See also: The Military History of 'Leave No Man Behind' Read more...More about United States, Military, Libya, Us World, and Politics



The idea that the American military leaves none of its soldiers behind has been under perhaps more scrutiny than ever since May 31. That's the day Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl was exchanged with the Taliban for five Taliban captives held by the U.S. at the prison on Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Bergdahl had been imprisoned by the Taliban since 2009, and was the last American prisoner of war See also: Politicians Delete Digital Praise of Bowe Bergdahl Release Since the transfer, many have questioned the circumstances surrounding his capture and release. Some say he deserted his post and have openly questioned whether the American military should have devoted resources and other soldiers to saving such a person. Others have wondered whether the exchange price—five Taliban prisoners—was too high Read more...More about Military, U.S. Military, Department Of Defense, U.S. Army, and Us World

Bowe Bergdahl is back home in the United States. He landed in San Antonio, Texas, early Friday on a flight from Ramstein Air Base in Germany. Bergdahl was then transported to the San Antonio Military Medical Facility on Fort Sam Houston, the Pentagon announced, where he will be reunited with his family and continue his medical treatment and recovery after spending five years as a Taliban captive See also: Bergdahl's Letters From Prison Show He Knew Controversy Was Coming "U.S. Army South is the lead command for reintegration and will ensure Sgt. Bergdahl receives the necessary care, time and space to complete the process," a U.S. Army spokesperson said in a statement. "Among other components of this phase, Sgt. Bergdahl will continue to receive medical treatment and debriefings." Read more...More about Military, Pentagon, Us World, Politics, and Us

Two letters sent from a Taliban prison by Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl to his family and obtained by The Daily Beast show Bergdahl knew a potential firestorm of controversy awaited him if he was ever set free Bergdahl, the last American prisoner of war, was transferred from Taliban control on May 31 in exchange for five captives the United States had held at its prison on Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. See also: Politicians Delete Digital Praise of Bowe Bergdahl Release The circumstances surrounding Bergdahl's capture have been controversial since he walked away from his post in Afghanistan back in 2009. He was captured by the Taliban soon thereafter, and was held in various locations for nearly five years. Read more...More about Military, Prison, Taliban, Us World, and Politics

United States Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel took some significant heat from members of Congress at Wednesday's House Armed Services Committee hearing, but he dished a good amount right back The meeting was called to discuss the circumstances surrounding the May 31 exchange of Taliban prisoners for U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, and criticisms levied by members of Congress centered around two issues: Whether the U.S. set a dangerous precedent by negotiating with a terrorist group when it exchanged prisoners with the Taliban, and whether Congress should have been notified 30 days prior to the planned transfer, as mandated by law. The House Armed Services Committee is conducting an investigation about the circumstances of the decision Read more...More about Military, Congress, Us World, Politics, and Us

The latest dramatic turn following the Taliban's release of U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl to U.S. authorities last month is the revelation that he is now reportedly refusing to speak with his parents. Bergdahl's refusal to make contact with his parents, revealed in a report from the Wall Street Journal, citing a U.S. official familiar his recovery, has increased the already intense and polarizing focus on his release, which was secured in a deal that freed five Taliban prisoners from U.S. custody at a Guantánamo Bay, Cuba facility. See also: Prisoner Swap Frees U.S. Soldier Held by Taliban for 5 Years Read more...More about Terrorism, Military, Barack Obama, Obama, and Politics

The Nigerian government targeted four major local newspapers on Friday, confiscating or destroying its copies, and storming one of the paper's offices, according to multiple reports. The military reportedly stopped and searched distribution vans across the country, confiscating copies of four dailies: The Nation, the Daily Trust, the Leadership, and the Punch. The newspapers said these actions affected their distributions on Friday and Saturday, and accused the government of trying to stifle freedom of expression. See also: Bring Back Our Girls: Why the World Is Finally Talking About Nigeria's Kidnapped Students Read more...More about Military, Freedom Of Speech, Africa, Us World, and World

Before Allied troops launched one of history's most important battles at the beaches of Normandy, France on June 6, 1944, they did nearly everything in their power to convince Nazi forces they weren't coming. Across the water on the shores of England, Allied soldiers were building a fake army just about as big as the real thing. Operation Fortitude, as it was called, was comprised of inflatable tanks and trucks, fake track marks that feigned troop movements and even a constant stream of fake radio communication about a massive military strike to the North of Normandy that would never come. One expert Mashable spoke with called it the "poster child" of decoy operations, and while the world has seen nothing like it since, this kind of military deception is very much still a part of war. Read more...More about Military, Anniversary, Nazis, Us World, and Us

On June 6, 1944, 160,000 Allied troops landed on the beaches of Normandy in the coordinated invasion of occupied France known as D-Day. Friday marks the 70th anniversary of the largest seaborne invasion in history — more than 5,000 ships and 13,000 aircraft were sent to infiltrate the heavily German-fortified French coastline. See also: War and Peace: 10 Photos Commemorating 100 Years Since WWI D-Day, or Operation Neptune, was the first move in Operation Overlord, the codename for the Battle of Normandy. Nine thousand Allied soldiers were killed or wounded, but 100,000 went on to march against the Axis forces — in what would eventually lead to the successful Allied invasion of western Europe occupied by Nazi Germany. Read more...More about United States, World, Military, Europe, and Us World

UPDATED: 9:15 p.m. ET Breaking with its long-held policy of refusing to negotiate with terrorist organizations, the White House has agreed to release five Taliban prisoners held at Cuba's Guantanamo Bay detention camp in exchange for U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, who has been held by the Taliban in Afghanistan since June 30, 2009 The peaceful transfer of Bergdahl into the hands of American special-operations forces took place on Saturday at 10:30 a.m. ET See also: White House Mistakenly Reveals Identity of Afghanistan's Top Spy Once in transit away from his former captors, Bergdahl asked if the group taking him away was a U.S. special-forces team, at which point one of the soldiers confirmed his guess and said, "Yes, we've been looking for you for a long time," according to The New York Times. At that point, Bergdahl reportedly broke down in tears. Read more...More about Military, Obama, Afghanistan, Taliban, and Us World

UPDATE, May 30, 11:30 a.m. ET Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki has resigned. Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki stood firm at a Friday morning press conference as he announced the start of VA reforms amid calls for his resignation. He was set to meet with President Barack Obama later in the morning, but while he apologized publicly, he did not appear to indicate any willingness to step down. See also: The Uniform That Makes Soldiers' Body Heat Invisible to Enemies Shinseki was speaking to the National Coalition for Homeless Veterans to discuss his department's progress in reducing the number of homeless veterans across the United States, but he paused to address the "elephant in the room" at the end of his speech. Read more...More about Military, Us World, Politics, Us, and Health Fitness

The Department of Homeland Security, the military and local police forces are all exploring the viability of a more advanced way to detect radiation because, according to multiple experts, misplaced radioactive material is everywhere. At least one branch of the U.S. government is looking at the possibility of spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on a new type of radiation detection equipment. A DHS official told Mashable that it is considering a handheld device called the RIIDEye X, and depending on the model, each one would cost anywhere from $11,244 to $31,922. See also: The Uniform That Makes Soldiers' Body Heat Invisible to Enemies Read more...More about Military, Army, Radiation, Department Of Homeland Security, and Gadgets

The Office of Naval Research has unveiled what it believes to be the future of support for combat and military transport missions: a robot helicopter Using just a simple touchscreen tablet, any soldier can send the Autonomous Aerial Cargo/Utility System (AACUS) on missions that might be too perilous for humans. See also: Facebook Will Use Drones and Lasers to 'Beam' Internet to the World "Out initiative is to try to find methods through which we could have an entirely autonomous system do what a manned helicopter would do," Capt. Robert Palisin, assistant chief of naval research, said in the AACUS video demonstration Read more...More about Military, Robots, Navy, Vehicles, and Tech

A 375-pound U.S. military drone crashed near a Pennsylvania elementary school on Thursday afternoon After losing power in flight, the drone experienced a "hard landing" near the Lickdale Elementary School outside of Harrisburg, Pa. — and was then run over by a car, according to local news reports. See also: After 5 Rejections, Apple Accepts App That Tracks U.S. Drone Strikes The drone, a RQ-7 Shadow, is 11 feet long and has a wingspan of 14 feet. It reportedly costs $150,000, and was completely damaged in the collision — a "total loss." No one was injured and no other serious damage was reported. Read more...More about Military, Us World, Us, and Drones

American soldiers may soon be able to hide their body heat from any enemy who uses a thermal imaging device to find them. A new turkey suit breaks up heat waves that wash off a person's body so the pattern of those waves blend in with the heat waves of the surrounding environment. It's thermal camouflage. See also: U.S. Navy's Robot Firefighters Prepare for a Test Run Tracking body heat requires a thermal imaging sensor, a gadget that can take the form of a range of devices, including binoculars. The ability especially comes in handy at night when conventional eyesight is poor in the dark. Thermal imaging has traditionally given the United States military a huge advantage in the dark, largely because most opposing forces couldn't afford the technology. Read more...More about Military, Army, Wearable Tech, Heat, and Tech

NATO soldiers are putting your selfies to shame. Participants in the Norwegian military's annual Cold Response exercise took snapshots of themselves during their day-to-day activities, which are quickly gaining popularity online. See also: #Sellotape: The New Sticky Selfie Trend The photos show the uniformed soldiers, some in groups and others flying solo, as they train to prepare for emergencies during harsh winter conditions. The most dramatic of the images includes a shot taken mid-flight in an F-16 aircraft. Another image shows one of soldiers wearing a gas mask during a chemical warfare drill, while some of the more relaxed shots feature military personnel with canine companions and in smiling group shots. Read more...More about Military, Exercise, Army, Norway, and Us World

An Army general said to be the highest ranking officer ever to be court-martialed plead guilty on Thursday to having inappropriate relationships with several junior female officers, thereby avoiding charges of sexual assault. United States Army Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Sinclair was docked $20,000 in pay but avoided jail time for carrying on a three-year relationship with one captain and having "inappropriate" relationships with two other junior female officers Prosecutors didn't ask to send Sinclair to jail (the maximum amount of time he faced was more than 20 years). Instead, they argued he should be thrown out of the Army, which would negate his retirement benefits. But that didn't happen either, once the defense argued that a lack of retirement benefits would negatively impact his family. Read more...More about Military, Army, Sexual Assault, Us World, and Politics

A former United States naval vessel will be set on fire this August, and the Navy will send robots to put out the blaze. The Navy is testing robots that will put out fires instead of having sailors do the job. The humanoids may be tasked with dousing fires aboard naval vessels full-time within a few years, experts within the Navy told Mashable. But before that happens, the machines will have to pass a test in August at Mobile Bay, Ala., aboard a decommissioned vessel dedicated to firefighting exercises, the ex-USS Shadwell. This will mark the first time the bots have practiced on a ship. See also: Military Google Glass Will Help Soldiers See Over Mountains Read more...More about Military, Robots, Dev Design, Gadgets, and Us World

A U.S. attack drone was intercepted in the sky over Ukraine's Crimea region on Friday, according to Russian state-owned holding company Rostec. The drone was reportedly about 12,000 feet in the air when someone broke the link between the drone and its operator, causing it to perform an emergency landing. The report is unconfirmed, but Voice of Russia reports that the drone appeared to be "part of the 66th U.S. brigade of military intelligence with the main location in Bavaria," which is what Rostec allegedly determined from the writing on the side of the drone. Rostec is a science and technology company owned by the Russian government, and part of its focus is on aviation research. It also works with various organizations — not just Russian ones — that build various aircrafts. Read more...More about United States, Military, Russia, Us World, and Politics

President Barack Obama asked the Department of Defense last June to perform a cyberattack, according to the nonprofit organization Federation of American Scientists (FAS). The U.S. Air Force declassified a 15-page policy directive (PDF) last week, containing a single sentence that the FAS believes is enough to prove Obama ordered the military to carry out an aggressive operation in cyberspace, though further details are still classified. See also: Military Google Glass Will Help Soldiers See Over Mountains Below is the relevant quote from the document, released by the Air Force on March 5: "Classified processes governing [command and control] of [Air Force] offensive and defensive cyberspace operations conducted by [Air Force] Cyber Mission Forces are addressed in a classified [Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff] Execute Order (title classified) issued on 21 Jun 13." Read more...More about Military, Obama, Cyber Attack, Us World, and Politics

Call them Glassoldiers. The American military may soon be filled with soldiers sporting Google Glass-like headgear that can measure distances, display 3D building layouts, transmit video from a drone and more, all on a glass display right in front of their eyes. See also: Upgraded U.S. Nukes May Violate Nation's Own Policy Battlefields are full of data soldiers can use: enemy positions, the location of fellow soldiers, maps of a city or a house, video of what they'll encounter over a hill. But until recently, there's been no way to live-stream that data to soldiers on the ground. That's what Q-Warrior, high-tech headgear built by United Kingdom-based BAE Systems, provides. First reported by Wired, it gives soldiers a full-color, 3D display of what's happening in areas outside their line of sight, which has the potential to seriously boost a soldier's situational awareness. Read more...More about Security, Military, Army, Dev Design, and Gadgets

The United States Navy is drawing up a plan to operate in what is rapidly becoming a seasonally-open Arctic Ocean, and thus a new theater of operations. The amount of sea ice that covers the Arctic Ocean at the end of melt season in September has receded by about 3% per decade since 1981, with a record low set in 2012. Less sea ice means more open water, and rapid Arctic climate change has essentially created new international waterways for shipping and resource extraction activities. The area of seasonally ice-free waters is likely to continue to widen over the coming decades, and Navy wants to keep tabs on it. Read more...More about Military, Ocean, Navy, Us World, and Us

The United States Air Force is upgrading B61 nuclear bombs stationed across Europe. Those upgrades may violate the nation's own nuclear regulations. The B61 is a Cold War relic built in 1961 but new upgrades would give the bombs an internal guidance system that would make it easier for them to find their mark. The Air Force also wants to add the ability to release different amounts of thermonuclear energy upon impact — 0.3, 5, 10 or 50 kilotons — depending on the target. According to Defense Tech, those upgrades may violate the 2010 Nuclear Posture Review, a U.S. Department of Defense review of the nation's nuclear policies which states that no nuclear weapons can be upgraded in ways that give them new abilities. Read more...More about United States, Military, Nuclear, Us World, and Politics

United States Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel proposed a new Pentagon budget on Monday that would shrink the U.S. military's size down to pre-World War II levels, becoming the Defense Department's first non-war budget since 2001. Speaking from the Pentagon at a press conference, Hagel said the military can reduce spending and get smaller without losing its worldwide presence. He added that there is no need for a force that can fight two wars when the Iraq war ended over two years ago, and the war in Afghanistan has been drawing down for some time. Hagel's cuts will likely prompt sharp criticism from some veterans' groups and members of Congress, who have to approve the budget for it to move forward. Read more...More about Military, Budget, U.S. Military, Us World, and Politics

It's official: The U.S. military is getting into the business of building Transformer-style robots. Of course, they won't exactly be like the ones you've seen in Michael Bay's films, but in terms of purpose and functionality, the early versions won't be far off DARPA, or the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, revealed on Tuesday concept images of its plan to outfit the U.S. military with modular flying drones, which can "transform" to meet various mission needs See also: Apple's Jony Ive Designs Special Edition Red Mac Pro Called ARES (Aerial Reconfigurable Embedded System), the drone will serve as an unmanned flying vehicle capable of setting troops down in hazardous environments, and as a resupply vehicle for military deployments. ARES will also be able to facilitate the evacuation of injured soldiers, a key feature for missions unassisted by combat-ready helicopters Read more...More about Military, Robots, Robotics, Darpa, and Tech

The U.S. Navy and giant defense contractor Northrop Grumman announced that their next massive spy drone has completed its first nine initial test flights, the first significant step toward future deployment The MQ-4C drone is nicknamed Triton, after the Greek god who worked as the messenger of Poseidon, the god of the sea. Just like its mythological counterpart, Triton will assist the P-8A Poseidon, Boeing's manned war plane; it is supposedly the heir of the older RQ-4 Global Hawk, which took off for the first time in 1998 See also: U.S. Army's New Cost-Saving Laser Can Shoot Down Drones The Triton was unveiled in June of 2012 and flew for the first time almost a year later, on May 22, 2013. Now, the Navy has ordered 68 Tritons at a cost of $1.16 billion. Read more...More about Military, Navy, Us World, Us, and Drones

Designing military body armor is like racing without a finish line: Weaponry will always advance, so armor must constantly evolve. But races without ends still require leaders and trailers, and those who build armor are about to come out ahead, according to some experts. As body armor advances, it provides improved protection and a more lightweight, better fit. Armor that weighs less makes soldiers more mobile, and it helps designers redistribute that weight to other parts of the armor so it can provide increased security. But there's only so far that a product can advance using the same materials. Every so often, engineers experiment with a new way to protect soldiers — and this time, it's with diamonds. Read more...More about Military, Army, Dev Design, Us World, and Us