We'll see Google cars on the road a lot sooner than expected — they just won't be driving themselves Google unveiled Android Auto on Wednesday, a new version of the company's operating system built specifically for car dashboard displays See also: Google I/O 2014: Everything You Need to Know The new software links to the driver's Android device, then uses the dashboard monitor as an interface for drivers and passengers to operate familiar apps and features such as Maps, Spotify, and voice calls. The driver can control the screen using touch; there's also a voice recognition button on the car's steering wheel Read more...More about Google, Android, Google Io, Connected Car, and Tech

Roughly 24 hours after Google's news-packed keynote address at I/O on Wednesday, developers were still whooping and hollering at San Francisco's Moscone Center The cause of all the excitement stemmed from ATAP, Google's Advanced Technology and Projects lab that serves as the little brother of sorts to Google X, the area of the company focused on moonshot projects like self-driving cars and Google Glass See also: Google I/O 2014: Everything You Need to Know ATAP, which is just over two years old, has 11 projects underway, including the highly regarded projects Tango and Ara which generated the majority of excitement at one of the conference's most jam-packed breakout sessions Read more...More about Google, Android, Google Io, 3d, and Tech

Google developers got a peek at a Project Ara prototype on Thursday, an early look at the modular phone project Google initially announced in February Paul Eremenko, the head of Project Ara, said that the prototype was "tethered to a laboratory bench" a few weeks ago, but the team has since removed that tether to test the phone's features See also: Google I/O 2014: Everything You Need to Know When Eremenko brought the prototype on stage during a breakout session of Google I/O at San Francisco's Moscone Center and flashed the Android bootup screen, the audience went wild. Ultimately, the phone failed to fully load (though the crowd cheered anyway), and Eremenko said plenty of challenges lie ahead for Ara, including the challenge of building the tech into a beautiful design for consumers. Read more...More about Google, Mobile, Google Io, Tech, and Dev Design

Everything old is new again. Two years after Apple released its last iPod touch, the Cupertino tech giant has announced colorful new versions of the next-generation device for up to $100 cheaper. The updated models debut in the U.S. on Thursday The 16GB iPod touch — which previously sold for $229 and is now priced at $199 — features a rear-facing 5 MP iSight camera, 1080p high-definition video capabilities and comes in new colors: red, pink, blue, gray, silver and yellow. Meanwhile, other iPod Touch models get a nice price cut too: the 32GB version is now $249 (down from $299) and the 64GB model is $299 (previously, $399). Read more...More about Tech, Apps Software, and Mobile

More than 1.5 million apps are available for download on Google Play, but the store's main source of revenue isn't the apps that you pay for upfront Business analyst firm App Annie released a report this week, which shows that 98% of the platform's income in May came from freemium apps. A portmanteau of "free" and "premium," the term refers to apps that are free to download but require payment to add levels or other in-game perks See also: 6 Apps That Make Mornings More Manageable However, while the majority of revenue stems from freemiums, the same cannot be said for the number of monthly downloads. The report showed that only about half of May's downloads were freemium apps; the other half are free apps with no strings attached. The reason for the spike in freemium revenue was not explained in the report. Read more...More about Google, Mobile, Apps, Tech, and Apps Software

Today, I'm here to talk with you about an app. This app is called Snapchat. I warn you: Be afraid. Be very afraid. Snapchat is used in multiple ways, but this is how I see it being used between me and my other teen friends: for fun (ugly selfies, silly pictures, etc.), or in a way my mother would be horrified to see children use it (she calls it a “porn portal”) See also: I'm 13 and None of My Friends Use Facebook The reason kids/teens love it so much is because it is one of the only apps that is relatively private. Your parents have no access to it. It is the only app your mom cannot trace back to you after seeing you tagged in a photo, the way she can on Facebook or Instagram. Read more...More about Mobile, Apps, Social Media, Kids, and Features

If you've never thought of golf as a sport, a quick look at Tiger Woods' myriad injuries in recent years should be enough to tell you that it requires not just an eye for angles, but significant physicality, resulting in a precise swing. So, like other sports, like soccer and basketball, adding technology to the mix in the hopes of improving performance has increasingly become a part of perfecting the game of golf. To that end, Arccos has unveiled a solution that uses sensors to not only track the effectiveness of your swing, but provide guidance in much the same way as a human caddy might See also: 5 Free Android Apps for Tethering Read more...More about Gps, Iphone, Golf, Bluetooth, and Tech

Developers conference keynotes like the one Google just conducted for 2.5 mind-numbing hours are supposed to be intense, information-rich affairs. They should also be entertaining and even a little bit of fun. You mix in the hardcore content with some whiz-bang demonstrations and, when possible, a bit of light-hearted banter. It helps to have at least one spectacular visual surprise to keep everyone hooked. See also: Google I/O 2014: Everything You Need to Know The Google I/O keynote fulfilled the information side of that equation, but fell flat when it came to surprise, enthusiasm and interest. I’m not saying the keynote didn’t have its share of innovation — but every bit of it felt so measured and mature, as if Google just realized what the stakes are in the wearable, mobile, automotive and health games. The company stopped smiling and got serious. Read more...More about Google, Android, Google Io, Tech, and Apps Software

Android Wear is here. When Google first unveiled its wearable platform in May, the products looked impressive, but they hadn't been seen in the wild. At Google I/O 2014, the first Android Wear devices, the LG G Watch and Samsung Gear Live, are out and proud. The G Watch and Gear Live are very similar. Before they're officially on sale, the samples here at the show will only run in "retail" mode, meaning they only show sample notifications from Android Wear. At least they're interactive — you can swipe and tap on them, but I couldn't dive that deep. See also: 10 Free Android Apps You'll Use Every Day Read more...More about Google Io, Samsung, Lg, Tech, and Gadgets

After a marathon two-and-a-half hour Google I/O keynote, the tech giant had one final surprise for attendees: a piece of cardboard. Developers at I/O walked away with a strange construction kit for a project named, imaginatively, Cardboard. See also: Google I/O 2014: Everything You Need to Know Cardboard is a way to create an Oculus Rift-like virtual reality viewer with your Android smartphone. Users can put together their Cardboard kits – which contains corrugated cardboard, some lenses, magnets, two strips of velcro and a rubber band. Put it together – along with your Android smartphone – and this is what you get. Read more...More about Google, Virtual Reality, Tech, Apps Software, and Gadgets

Google had no shortage of announcements during its almost-three-hour developers conference on Wednesday. Some announcements, like Android Wear and Android L, were expected; others took us by surprise and played out differently than anticipated. Just in case you didn't watch the full conference, we've rounded up some of the biggest highlights, below. Android L Google appears to be ditching its dessert theme with the latest version of Android, simply called Android L, which will roll out to users in the fall. (A preview version is available to developers now.) One of L's biggest features is the platform's new design language, Material Design, which will run across Android phones and tablets, Chrome OS, smartwatches and the web. Read more...More about Google, Android, Tech, Dev And Design, and Apps Software

Google announced on Wednesday during its Google I/O Developers Conference a new initiative called Google Fit for Android, which will serve as a fitness and health tracking platform. The company announced that Google Fit is an open platform that is now available for developers. The platform SDK will be available in just a few weeks. See also: Google Smartwatches Are Now on Sale By using sensors on mobile devices and wearables — like Google's smartwatch collection — users will be able to have a better handle on their various health and fitness-related data to give better recommendations. For example, weightloss app Noom (an early partner of Google Fit) can combine workout data, your weight in real-time (it works with the Withings smart scale) and your eating habits, it monitors your activity and makes suggestions (i.e. when your cookie habit is getting too high, it will intervene). Read more...More about Google, Tech, Apps Software, Mobile, and Health Fitness

Google announced on Wednesday that Google Docs users can now edit Microsoft Office files through the cloud-based platform, a move that eliminates the limitations of making Docs a full-time home office option. Google also announced on Wednesday during its I/O Developers Conference that users can now open Word, Excel and PowerPoint files and save them in their native formats via its suite of cloud-based software. See also: 25 Other Names Google Considered for Android L This means you'll be able to view, create and share documents, spreadsheets and presentations on both mobile devices and the desktop. There's offline support too, so users can make edits or start from scratch without an Internet connection and then sync up later. Read more...More about Google, Mobile, Apps, Google Io, and Tech

The LG G Smartwatch and the Samsung Gear Live Smartwatch, two of the first web-connected smartwatches to run on Android Wear, will be available for pre-order via the Google Play store starting Wednesday afternoon. Google announced during its annual I/O developers conference in San Francisco on Wednesday that the LG G smartwatch and the Samsung Gear Live are now ready for the market. LG's model was first introduced in March, along with the Android Wear platform and Motorola's 360 smartwatch, but more details surfaced during Google's keynote presentation. See also: Google Overhauls Android With L Developer Preview Read more...More about Google, Google Io, Tech, Gadgets, and Mobile

After months of speculation, Google unveiled its in-car solution known as Android Auto. On Wednesday, the company launched the next phase of its in-car initiative on stage at its annual developers conference, Google I/O. The system is completely voice-enabled. See also: 25 Other Names Google Considered for Android L Some of the early details were revealed in January when Google hinted at its intentions by forming a global alliance called the Open Automotive Alliance (OAA) with major carmakers including Hyundai, Audi, GM, Honda as well as Nvidia. Image: Google In short, the system is designed to provide a more distraction-free interface that allows you to select a music playlist, check traffic conditions and get directions, all using a voice interface. System's like Apple's CarPlay already provide this kind of functionality, so the primary difference here is that the system is Android device-friendly. Read more...More about Google, Tech, Apps Software, Mobile, and Android In The Car

You can't go a few days without hearing how the "Internet of Things" is going to transform the way we live, and on a basic level, the so-called smart revolution is only now getting started. Although the name itself is a bit grand and — at the same time — vague, it's actually quite simple: It's products and things that are web-connected. This includes everything from smart thermostats and garage doors to toothbrushes, tennis racquets and even your bed. They collect data about how you use them, learn your habits, typically connect to an app and give you feedback to improve your lifestyle (or your racquet swing, for example). Read more...More about Mobile, Video, Apps, Internet Of Things, and Tech

At Google I/O on Wednesday, Google unveiled the newest version of Android called L. This is Google's most ambitious update to Android yet; it's a complete reinvention of Android's UI design. Taking elements from iOS 7 and Windows Phone 8, L features new colors, new notifications and brand new design guidelines. See also: 25 Other Names Google Considered for Android L Matias Duarte, the head of Android design at Google, unveiled the stark new look of L. One of its big features is a new design language called Material Design, which is about bringing shadows, subtle textures and bright colors to Android. It's also about having one adaptive design that can work on a smartphone, tablet, smartwatch or TV. Read more...More about Google Io, Tech, Apps Software, and Mobile

Google's annual developers conference, Google I/O, kicks off on Wednesday, and we'll likely see a preview of all the new features coming to the next generation of Android devices. The invite-only event will be live streamed starting at 9 a.m. PT, with a keynote in San Francisco. You can watch the presentation here (and below). And we'll be bringing you news and analysis throughout the event on our live blog, along with the video. See also: What to Expect at Google I/O Though we don't know exactly what will be announced on stage, we're placing our bets on a few focus areas. The successor to Android's KitKat mobile operating system is rumored to make its first appearance — either version 4.5 or 5.0 — and it could be called Lollipop. The new software will likely have a newly designed user interface, and will come with added security to thwart off an uptick in malware Read more...More about Google, Apps, Android, Google Io, and Developers

Your Pebble smartwatch will be able to do double-duty as a fitness tracker, thanks to a new partnership with Misfit. Misfit makes fitness and sleep monitor Shine, and worked with Pebble to create a watchapp that lets Pebble owners count steps and track activities without needing a smartphone. The watchapp will also interact with an upcoming version of Misfit's iOS app to offer additional tracking metrics, such as calories burned and distance traveled See also: The Complete Guide to the Pebble Smartwatch Misfit is the latest company Pebble is working with to extend the functionality of its smartwatch. There are already Pebble apps for RunKeeper, Puma and Strava, and many other third parties have written apps to take advantage of Pebble's accelerometer, or to pair with existing smartphone apps. Read more...More about Wearables, Tech, Apps Software, Gadgets, and Mobile

Google has a lot to do. Since its last developer conference, wearables have taken off, web-driven home automation became a real thing, in-car apps are taking shape, tablets have changed, and a full-on price war for cloud services has begun The company has certainly made some moves in these areas, but it's saved plenty of big announcements for Google I/O, which kicks off at 9 a.m. Pacific on Wednesday with the conference keynote in San FranciscoMashable will be there, reporting from the conference live. See also: Nest Opens Up to Developers, Launching a Full Google Smart Home Takeover If it follows a similar script of previous years, we'll hear from most of the consumer-facing services of Google, from Android phones to Maps, but in the past year Google has expanded its products considerably. It acquired Nest Labs, the maker of the popular connected thermostat, and it announced initiatives to bring Android apps to cars and wearables. Read more...More about Google, Android, Google Io, Tech, and Apps Software

A team based out of Malmo, Sweden, has created a prototype for what it's calling the world's smallest wireless earbuds. So small, in fact, you can barely see them sitting in your ears Operating via Bluetooth, Earin has two 18-mm earbuds that work in tandem to play music from the user's smartphone without a cord. The earbuds come with a portable tubular charger, which doubles as a storage space. To charge the earbuds, the user simply places them back in the charger case. The product is expected to cost $134.50 when it ships early next year See also: 7 Best Earbuds for Jamming On-the-Go The concept itself is not new. Earin says on its Kickstarter page that the team was inspired by the 2008 movie Definitely, Maybe, in which Ryan Reynolds walks down the street wearing Sennheiser MX W1 cordless earbuds. However, that specific brand of earbuds was discontinued and its earbuds were priced at over $400, more than three times the cost of Earin Read more...More about Wireless, Kickstarter, Earbuds, Earphones, and Tech

Just one week after phone carrier T-Mobile announced its seven-day trial run, competitor Sprint is rolling out a marketing ploy of its own Starting June 27, the company will offer consumers a 30-day trial period to test out its revamped network, including its Framily plan. If a customer is dissatisfied with the service before the 30 days are up, Sprint will refund the cost of a new phone and all service fees See also: Which Carrier Has the Best iPhone Plan? In comparison, T-Mobile's deal grants customers a seven-day trial period — a new iPhone 5S included — without having to leave their current carriers. Sprint has not partnered with a specific phone brand for its deal. Read more...More about Sprint, Mobile Carriers, T Mobile, Smartphones, and Advertising

Is there an emoji doctor in the house? Daniel Brill, a copywriter for ad agency Droga5, wants to analyze your recently used emoji for his blog, Emojinalysis. If you send him a screenshot of your recently used emoji, he'll psychoanalyze your mental state, based on which animated emoticons you've been texting to your contacts See also: 17 Fun Text Emoticons So You Can Stop Shrugging All the Time "I was texting with a friend and pulled up my own recently used emojis and got a bit worried," Brill tells Mashable about the blog's inspiration. "It was a bunch of distressed faces, booze and exploding things, and I wondered, 'Am I OK?'" Read more...More about Android, Social Media, Tumblr, Features, and Ios

The Samsung Galaxy Tab S is so much like Apple's iPad, it's kinda scary. Samsung's flagship tablet is thin and light, has an extremely high-res screen, and it comes in two sizes. The Tab S is clearly meant to challenge Apple directly, with a large-size 10.5-inch tablet and a smaller version with an 8.4-inch screen. The strategy here, while bold, is also the product's greatest weakness. The direct assault on the iPad invites direct comparisons to Apple's tablet, and they're often not favorableSamsung may be able to match or even beat Apple on aspects of the hardware, but it's the overall experience that a customer buys — something Samsung has always struggled with. Read more...More about Android, Reviews, Samsung, Ipad, and Tablets

To the surprise of many, Nokia launched its first Android phone, the Nokia X, at the Mobile World Congress in February 2014 After that, the now Microsoft-owned company gave us a steady diet of cheap, entry-level Androids, and the latest one — the Nokia X2 — follows that philosophy, with dual-SIM support and a price tag of $135 (€99) — without a contract See also: How Nokia Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Android The 4.3-inch device sports a dual-core, 1.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 processor, 1GB of RAM, a 5-megapixel camera and 4GB of storage memory, further expandable via MicroSD memory cards Read more...More about Nokia, Tech, and Mobile

Logitech's Harmony line of remotes has long allowed users to control every device in their living room, and now, a new update will bring in wider support for even more connected devices. Logitech is issuing a software update to its Harmony Ultimate remote, which will offer support for the Nest Learning Thermostat. In addition to controlling the temperature from the Harmony's 2.4-inch color screen, Logitech says you can change settings on the Nest, including switching from cool to heat, or turning off the system altogether. Nest support joins Philips Hue light support on the Harmony Ultimate. This means the Harmony is getting one step closer to being a total home remote control. Read more...More about Logitech, Harmony, Remote, Tech, and Apps Software



The race for bigger, sharper screens, it seems, is never-ending. Whether the device in question fits in your pocket or hangs on your wall, manufacturers just keep cramming pixels in, even well past the point where our eyes can supposedly tell the difference. The LG G3 is just the latest embodiment of this trend. It's the first smartphone to boast a Quad HD display, which somehow stuffs more pixels than are on your average laptop into a 5.5-inch screen. The rated resolution is 2,560 x 1,440, or 538 pixels per inch (ppi). To put that in perspective, the supposedly "retina" iPhone 5S has a pixel density of 326 ppi. Read more...More about Android, Lg, Tech, Mobile, and Lg G3

Image: MashableElectricity and water are archenemies That's a problem for summertime, a season best spent by the ocean, pool or any other large body of water. But thanks to all kinds of brilliant tech, there are quite a few waterproof accessories you can purchase to make your gadgets as hydrophilic as possible. See also: 4 Ways to Protect Your Tech This Summer From the latest in waterproof smartphone cases to resilient earbuds, here are eight accessories to keep your tech dry this season. Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Read more...More about Gadgets, Features, Summer, Accessories, and Waterproof

With World Cup coverage underway, people from all over the world are tweeting about the same topic in many different languages. Twitter wants to make it easier for everyone by bringing mobile translations to its iOS app and is looking to Bing to lead the way. The two companies are joining forces to bring translated tweets to iOS apps, according to a CNET report. After downloading the Twitter iOS update, users can click a translate button within each tweet to have it displayed in their native language See also: Six Apps to Fuel Your World Cup Fever Image: Twitter, @TDotDickeyThe concept isn't entirely new. In 2012, Twitter tested a Bing Translator feature that automatically translates tweets into other languages Read more...More about Twitter, Microsoft, Bing Translator, Tech, and Apps Software

In our latest Ask a Dev video, iOS architect Ryan Peck answers this week's top question on how Apple's new iOS 8 and Yosemite SDKs improve app performance. See also: What Does Apple's Swift Programming Language Mean for iOS Developers? Apple has created some significant opportunities with their latest offerings for developers, and a big part of this is the new support for performance testing. Performance tests let developers easily measure how long it takes to run certain pieces of code These new SDKs also bring changes to Apple’s developer tools, letting them make performance improvements automatically. In Xcode 6, a new feature called Profile-Guided Optimization allows for optimization by finding the most active areas of the code Read more...More about Developers, Apple, Tech, Apps Software, and Dev Design

Just two weeks after Apple announced its upcoming Health app for iOS 8, Google is reportedly preparing to launch a similar service called Google Fit. The search giant will debut a health platform at its Google I/O conference for developers later this month, according to Forbes. Google Fit is rumored to collect and aggregate data from fitness trackers (think Jawbone and Fitbit), as well as other health-related apps. See also: Picking Sides: Will You Live in an Apple or Google Smart Home? The move would directly compete with Apple's new Health app (and HealthKit for developers). The concept behind Google Fit is similar to Apple's Passbook app, the iPhone's virtual pocket for items such as airline boarding passes, movie tickets and coupons. It will be able to pull in data from other third-party apps, such as Nike, to keep all your health-related information in one hub. Read more...More about Google, Apps, Apple, Tech, and Apps Software

Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos sent his favorite children's book to members of the press slated to attend the company's mysterious product event in Seattle next week, where it's expected to launch a 3D smartphone, and it comes with a clever message. Mashable received on Friday a copy of "Mr. Pine's Purple House" by Leonard Kessler (1965) from Amazon, along with the following note: "We're excited that you'll be joining us next week in Seattle. Enclosed is my favorite childhood book — Mr. Pine's Purple House. I think you'll agree that the world is a better place when things are a little bit different. See you soon — Jeff Bezos." Read more...More about Mobile, Amazon, Smartphone, Marketing, and Media

Apple is recalling power adapters sold in Europe and parts of Asia and Africa after reports surfaced that the devices were overheating and putting users at risk. The company released a statement on Friday, promising affected customers new adapters in exchange for turning in old ones. The defective adapters were packaged with the iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S devices between October 2009 and September 2012. However, they were also sold as independent accessories. A total of 37 countries were affected. See also: 10 Best iPhone Chargers Apple did not specify what injuries, if any, were sustained by customers using the devices. A detailed list of impacted countries, including France, South Africa and Vietnam, can be found in the statement on Apple's website. Read more...More about Iphone 3gs, Iphone 4, Iphone 4s, Tech, and Gadgets

Facebook has updated its Messenger app for iOS and Android devices, giving users the ability to record and send 15-second video messages Version 6.0 of the app also adds a feature called "Big Likes" — when you really like something, press and hold to send an even bigger "thumbs up" sign See also: Facebook, You're Not Alone: 5 Accidental App Launches That Aren't Slingshot The new version of Messenger comes after Facebook's odd, accidental rollout of messaging app Slingshot earlier this week. That app, which was quickly pulled from Apple's App Store, also had the ability to send short video messages to friends Read more...More about Facebook, Tech, Apps Software, and Mobile

Chances are, you spend a good chunk of your day reading and sending email. And, chances are, a significant portion of that is done on your phone. But using email apps on your phone is a vastly different experience than email on a PC or Mac — touchscreen keyboards and limited screen real estate only afford so much flexibility See also: 10 Ways You're Using Gmail Wrong And while there are dozens of apps that attempt to "fix" mobile email, they're all optimized for different users. Some emphasize saving messages for later, some turn your inbox into a giant to-do list, while others take an all-new approach entirely Read more...More about Email, Iphone, Android, Tech, and Ios

Microsoft made an Android version of its Outlook Web App (OWA) available to a handful of devices Thursday. The app, which has the same features as the iOS version, is a prerelease and is limited to users with Office 365 for business accounts. See also: 10 Free Android Apps You'll Use Every Day For now, the app is limited to devices running Android KitKat 4.4 or higher that have "small" or "normal"-sized screens. Supported devices include the Samsung Galaxy S4 and S5, the Nexus 5, Moto X, Samsung Galaxy Note 3, Sony Xperia Z1 and Sony Xperia ZL, but the company says it will be adding more devices regularly. In the meantime, users can request new devices and features over at Microsoft's Outlook Web App for Devices suggestion page. Read more...More about Microsoft, Tech, Outlook, Android Apps, and Office 365

Samsung launched on Thursday perhaps the most direct competitor to the iPad we've seen yet. In fact, the new Samsung Galaxy Tab S comes in a larger and smaller size too, just like its Apple counterpart. Both versions of the iPad (the mini and the standard 9.7-inch size) have the same display resolution, processor and storage space as the other (just the size is different), while specs built into the 8.4-inch and 10.5-inch Galaxy Tab devices largely go hand-in-hand too. See also: The Heartbleed Hit List: The Passwords You Need to Change Right Now But of course there are differences between what Samsung's offering compared to Apple, so we've stacked the details side by side for your easy-snacking pleasure. Check out the chart below. Read more...More about Samsung, Ipad, Tablets, Tech, and Apps Software

The many millions of fans of Plants vs. Zombies 2 should be as excited as a zomboss in a neuroscience lab, because the game is getting a new expansion very soon. The latest adventure in time will take your garden defense skills to the medieval period. Plants vs. Zombies Dark Ages Part 1 introduces several new plants to the usual game format. The levels are all set at nighttime, so no sun will fall from the sky and the usual sunflower plants are no help. Instead, players must build up sun with the Sun Shroom. As with the shrooms in the original Plants vs. Zombies, these little fungi start very small, giving only 25 sun each. But they’ll grow over the course of the match to two additional sizes, each giving the player more sun to work with Read more...More about Mobile, Entertainment, Gaming, Smartphone, and E3

Samsung may have just delivered the first true challengers to the Apple iPad Air and iPad Mini With Retina Display: The Samsung Galaxy Tab S. The Galaxy Tab S describes two tablets, one 10.5 inches ($499) and the other 8.4 inches ($399), with the exact same internal specs and features. Both are running Android 4.4 "KitKat," feature 2,560 x 1,600 SuperAMOLED displays, 8.1-megapixel rear and 2.1MP front cameras, 3GB of RAM and a base of 16GB of storage, fingerprint readers and each is just 0.26 inch thick. See also: 10 Free Android Apps You'll Use Every Day The thickness is notable because it makes each tablet thinner than its Apple competitor. The 10.5-inch model weighs a pound, just like the iPad Air, but the smaller Tab S is, at 10 ounces, slightly lighter than the iPad Mini With Retina Display. Read more...More about Samsung, Tablet, Tablets, Galaxy Tab, and Tech

Apple's dominance of the tablet market is so overwhelming that most other players in the space tend to "counter-program." Rather than try to match the iPad feature-for-feature or spec-for-spec, they go out of their way to differentiate and offer features the iPad simply doesn't have. Amazon's Kindle Fire tablets, for instance, are really virtual storefronts for the company's popular services. The Microsoft Surface line offers (more or less) a full PC experience in a tablet form factor, complete with a Desktop. See also: 25 Best Free Android Apps Even Samsung, Apple's most reliable hardware rival, plays the counter-programming game. For the past two years, Samsung has shined a spotlight on its Galaxy Note line of tablets, whose claim to fame is a digital pen, and all the cool things you can do with it (such as marking up maps with handwritten directions). Read more...More about Apple, Samsung, Ipad, Galaxy Tab, and Tech

Samsung unveiled on Thursday the Galaxy Tab S, calling it its new flagship tablet, at an event Thursday evening in New York City. It comes in two sizes: 8.4 and 10.5 inches. Samsung is positioning the Tab S as a high-end tablet with an emphasis on entertainment and consumption. Samsung name-checked Google, Netflix and Flipboard as important content providers for the Tab S at the event. See also: 25 Best Free Android Apps The Galaxy Tab S boasts a high-res SuperAMOLED display with 2,560 x 1,600 resolution — rivaling even the iPad's "retina" display. Samsung says its screen technology gives better color and deeper contrast while consuming less power than the LCD displays in most tablets. Until now, Samsung has kept SuperAMOLED displays only in phones. Read more...More about Samsung, Tablets, Galaxy Tab, Tech, and Gadgets

Hackers have reportedly attacked a series of World Cup-related websites, including government sites and official partners of the upcoming games in Brazil, kicking them offline. According to a Reuters report, a hacker affiliated with hacktivist group Anonymous says it's responsible for the cyberattacks. Among those kicked offline earlier this week include World Cup sponsor Hyundai and government state Mato Grosso (where Chile will play Australia on Friday), but Hyundai has yet to confirm it was hit by hackers. See also: The Heartbleed Hit List: The Passwords You Need to Change Right Now The hackers used DDoS (Distributed Denial of Service) attacks, which sends large volumes of traffic to sites, causing them to crash. Read more...More about Hacking, Anonymous, World Cup, Cyber Attack, and Cyberattack

RSS reader Feedly has been hit with a second round of cyberattacks and has pulled its service while it works on a fix, the company confirmed on Thursday. In a blog post on Feedly's website, the company said it is "currently being targeted by a second DDoS attack and are working with our service providers to mitigate the issue." See also: The Heartbleed Hit List: The Passwords You Need to Change Right Now The news comes just one day after the site — along with popular note-taking app Evernote — were subject to a major attack. Although Feedly said all user data is safe, hackers demanded ransom to get the site back online. Read more...More about Security, Feedly, Hackers, Tech, and Apps Software

ZTE announced the ZTE Grand S Pro, a smartphone that delivers pretty impressive specs for the affordable price of $99 with a two-year contract. Available on Thursday at U.S. Cellular, the ZTE Grand S Pro has a 5-inch, 720x1280 pixel screen, a 2.3GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon quad-core processor, a 13-megapixel shooter on the back (and a 2-megapixel one on the front), 2GB of RAM and 8GB of storage, expandable to 32GB via microSD cards. See also: 5 iPhone Apps That Run Google Talk The device also sports a 2,300mAh battery and 4G LTE support, all of which makes it closely resemble (in terms of specs) to the Galaxy S5, HTC One M8 and other smartphone flagships Read more...More about Phones, Tech, Gadgets, Mobile, and Zte

Earlier this year, during the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, we told you about Mozilla's plans to bring smartphones into even the poorest regions by introducing a $25 dollar device Now the organization has launched a major new effort in that plan by announcing plans to bring its low-cost smartphone to India in the next few months See also: New Mozilla Partnership Promises to Deliver a $25 Smartphone "The platform will give us an edge in upgrading buyers from feature phones to smartphones while making it affordable for the mass market," said Sanjay Kumar Kalirona, of India mobile firm Intex Technologies, in a statement accompanying Mozilla's announcement. "This will propel our devices to be much more than a way to use the Web, but take the engagement further and develop the Web as a mobile platform." Read more...More about Indonesia, Gadgets, Firefox, India, and Asia

Google is going for the goal in its coverage of this year's FIFA World Cup. Google launched a World Cup website — as a part of its Google Trends section — on Wednesday to make it easier for fans to get the latest stats, player news and live game updates in one spot. Users who now search for "World Cup" or "World Cup USA" in Google will see this data pop up at the top of the results page. See also: Beyond Barrel Roll: 10 Hidden Google Tricks The company is providing users with instant updates and trending topics in a fashion similar to Twitter. Competing countries' questions, favorite players and even emotions will be front and center. Read more...More about Google, Google Trends, Tech, Apps Software, and Mobile

Google wants to create a better business directory and, this time, they mean business. On Thursday the tech giant launched Google My Business, a one-stop way for merchants to manage their presence on a variety of the company's properties including search, maps and Google+ See also: 20 Searches Made Ridiculous by Google Autocomplete Business owners that had been using Places for Business or Google+ will be transitioned to the new platform. There is also an Android app that can be used to manage business information and respond to customer reviews. "The Internet is connecting more businesses with their people every day. However, our users tell us that finding these loyal customers can be complex and time-consuming. We believe it shouldn’t be," Google posted in a blog entry. Read more...More about Google, Small Business, Tech, Apps Software, and Mobile

UPDATE: June 12, 10:30 a.m. ET: Twitter has since fixed the issue. Some users are reporting they are now receiving old messages that were never delivered. The original story appears below. If you've been experiencing issues with Twitter direct messages for the past week or so, you're not alone. Users have been tweeting complaints that DMs are mysteriously disappearing or not showing up at all during private conversations with other members. When Mashable reached out to Twitter for comment, a spokesperson directed us to a tweet sent from the company earlier this week, noting that it was looking into the issue. No update has yet been provided, but new complaints keep rolling in. Read more...More about Twitter, Direct Message, Tech, Apps Software, and Mobile

An Austrian teenager says he accidentally exposed a security vulnerability in TweetDeck, which caused the social-media dashboard to temporarily shut down while it worked on a fix A 19-year-old, who goes by the name Firo Xl on Twitter, said the incident wasn't a hack and found the XXS vulnerability on Wednesday morning after sending a tweet. At 8:05 a.m. ET, @Firoxl tweeted the word "Test" that included javascript tags and a heart emoji. Writing in German, he added the message, "I wonder if this will work." His tweets were first discovered by tech site The Verge. See also: TweetDeck Is Back After a Vulnerability Forced It Offline Read more...More about Twitter, Tweetdeck, Tech, Mobile, and World

Popular note-taking app Evernote and RSS reader Feedly have been hit with major cyberattacks as hackers demand ransom from the latter site to get it back online. Both Evernote and Feedly, two services that work together, confirmed they suffered DDoS (distributed denial of service) attacks, a type of cybercrime that kicks sites offline and is meant to disrupt usage (not steal user data). But Feedly, which is still down, detailed in a blog post that hackers are holding the site up for ransom. It's unknown as of now if the cyber criminals asked for ransom from Evernote too. See also: The Heartbleed Hit List: The Passwords You Need to Change Right Now Read more...More about Mobile, Apps, Security, Feedly, and Evernote

Two alleged Russian hackers have reportedly confessed to remotely hacking users' Apple devices and holding them for ransom. Authorities are holding a 17-year-old and 23-year-old from Moscow on accusations related to locking Apple devices and demanding payment for users to access them again, according to a Sydney Morning Herald report. See also: The Heartbleed Hit List: The Passwords You Need to Change Right Now The confession comes just weeks after news surfaced that various Apple device owners in Australia said their phones had been hacked and received an ominous message asking for $50 to be transferred to a PayPal account. Device owners said their "Find My iPhone" alarm started wailing at the same time, while the prompt said the hacking was done by "Oleg Pliss." Read more...More about Mobile, Security, Apple, Hackers, and Tech

While many smart home companies are likely gearing up to work with Apple's newly announced Home platform, others companies like Vivint want to revolutionize the home automation industry all on their own The Utah-based company launched a smart hub called Vivint Sky on Tuesday, which will let users control everything from the lights, thermostat and door locks to high-definition security cameras throughout the home — all from a smartphone, laptop or tablet. The catch, of course, is that you'll need Vivint-branded lights and thermostats for the hub to work, so you're out of luck if you're a Nest person. Read more...More about Mobile, Security, Apple, Small Business, and Tech