"You ready, Bey?" Jay Z asked Beyoncé at the start of their On the Run tour "Let's go get 'em" she replied during the intro of the power couple's first song, "03' Bonnie & Clyde," on the tour's opening night at Sun Life Stadium in Miami, Florida See also: Jay Z Ranks His 12 Albums From Best to Worst in 1 Photo The duo's 20-city summer tour began this week and it provided quite the visual experience. Here are 10 moments you missed if you didn't have a zillion dollars to spend on a ticket: BONUS: Beyonce Sings 'Survivor' to Terminally Ill Fan to Grant Final Wish Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Tour, Lists, and Photos

Lana Del Rey nabbed the No. 1 spot on the Billboard 200 albums chart this week with her third studio album, Ultraviolence, which dropped on June 17. It beat out fellow album premieres from Sam Smith, Linkin Park, Willie Nelson, Jennifer Lopez and Deadmau5 The 28-year-old artist sold 182,000 copies from June 17 to 22, according to the data from Nielsen SoundScanBillboard notes this is the largest album sales week for a female artist in 2014 and the biggest since Beyoncé's surprise visual album arrived in December See also: Sam Smith Turns Whitney Houston's 'How Will I Know' Into Tender Ballad Del Rey premiered "West Coast" from Ultraviolence at Coachella in April, helping her become the most-mentioned artist on Twitter during the festival's first weekend. Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Billboard, and Lana Del Rey

Welcome to Throwback Tunesday, where Mashable amplifies the echoes of music past. With genre trends and throwbacks, we synthesize music and nostalgia. Explaining Chromeo to someone unfamiliar with the band is a tall order. The electro-funk duo’s newest album is titled White Women. Chromeo’s live performance is aesthetically enhanced by keyboards propped up with plastic, high-heeled women’s legs. Dave 1 and P-Thugg pen songs with names like “Bonafide Lovin’ (Tough Guys),” containing lyrics such as, “Never mind an SMS/What you need is a sweet caress.” Think you’ve got it? Think again. The title White Women is a nod to prolific photographer Helmut Newton and his 1976 collection of the same name. Recent single “Jealous (I Ain’t With It)" takes the opposite approach of “Bonafide Lovin'” — it’s written from an underdog’s perspective: "Is it really my fault?/I get a shiver when I see her with those other guys/Wearing the jacket I bought." Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Chromeo, and Throwback Tunesday

The hashtag #ThisCouldBeUsButYouPlayin and the phrase "this could be us" have been mentioned 6.8 million times on Twitter since Jan. 1, Twitter told Mashable. The hashtag and phrase refer to the meme that mocks unflattering or odd photos of couples, and now the meme is the impetus for a song from Prince himself. See also: 11 Songs From the '90s That Are Darker Than You Thought Yes, this is the same Prince who in 2010 stated, "The Internet's completely over." Prince's Twitter account, @3RDEYEGIRL, tweeted a "this could be us" photo of him and Apollonia Kotero (from the 1984 Purple Rain film, which came out 30 years ago Friday) this week, linking to a Minneapolis Star Tribune article discussing his new song "This Could Be Us." Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Prince, and Memes

MTV is bringing back TRL for one day only — except not really. MTV announced today that they were bringing back the legendary music countdown series ... but it would be in a half-hour format, be dedicated entirely to the music of Ariana Grande (with a "special" announcement to be made) and be titled Total Ariana Live, and not have a countdown. So, not TRL at all. SEE ALSO: Grumpy Cat Invades MTV Movie Awards and Wins Best Dressed An MTV spokesperson defended the rejiggering, telling Mashable: "It's a re-invention of TRL format with Ariana front and centerTRL stood for so much more than video countdown, the video piece of TRL became secondary to the artist performances, interviews and shenanigans." Read more...More about Mtv, Music, Tv, Television, and Entertainment

Want to feel old? On this day 30 years ago, Prince and The Revolution released arguably one of the greatest rock albums of all time, "Purple Rain," at a Minneapolis rock club called First Avenue To commemorate his hometown treasure, Congressman Keith Ellison (D.-Minn.), known for casually jamming out on his guitar in his office, took his musical talents to Vine for his personal rendition of the Prince song. See also: 11 Songs From the '90s That Are Darker Than You Thought He obviously prefers to jam out with his leg over his office chair. No big deal. But just went I thought I'd seen it all, Rep. Joe Crowley (D-N.Y.) challenged Ellison with his own Vine Prince cover, singing 'Raspberry Beret': Read more...More about Music, Politics, Us, Watercooler, and Videos

Electro house musician Steve Aoki and rapper Machine Gun Kelly spoof Breaking Bad's Walter White and Jesse Pinkman in their new music video for "Free the Madness." Just like in TV series Breaking Bad, this video spotlights the duo's cooking antics completed inside an RV hidden in the desert, far from any DEA agents. See also: Top 10 TV Shows on Twitter in Past Year: 'Breaking Bad' Treads Heavily But it's not the DEA that Aoki and MGK should fear, it's the Girl Scouts — because instead of blue crystal meth, the pair are cooking blue baked goods. The cookie queens of America don't take kindly to this, pummeling the duo with nunchucks made out of Thin Mints. Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Music Videos, Parody, and Steve Aoki

StarMaker updated its karaoke singing-competition app Tuesday, with new video capabilities that enable users to create "music video selfies." Created by StarMaker Interactive, the app is also partnering with NBC to offer users the chance to audition for The Voice, and perform during the show's summer tour See also: 15 Celebrities Before They Were Famous StarMaker Interactive worked with YouTube to add video recording to its app. Users begin by choosing a song from the app's library of top-40 songs by artists such as Miley Cyrus, One Direction and Fun. The app then uses your phone's front-facing camera to record your performance. It also judges you based on the quality of your voice, rhythm and pitch to give you a score at the end of your performance Read more...More about Entertainment, Apps, Android, Tech, and Ios

What happened to the the female protagonists in Disney's Frozen, Cinderella, Mulan and The Princess and the Frog after the animated films ended? YouTube singer Jon Cozart, the dude behind the viral "After Ever After" musical parody, is back for round two in this hilarious "After Ever After 2" video. See also: Pearl Jam Takes On Disney's 'Let It Go' "If you've ever wondered why Disney tales all end in lies, here's what happened after all their dreams came true," Cozart, a.k.a. Paint on YouTube, sings in the new parody's intro In the video, above, Cozart puts his own not-so-happily-ever-after spin on Frozen's "Let It Go" and "Do You Want to Build a Snowman?" at the 3:52 mark Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Music Videos, Disney, and Humor

You don't see this very often. "Neon Lights" singer Demi Lovato will premiere the music video for dance-pop song "Really Don't Care" on TV at the same time it debuts online Mashable got an exclusive sneak peek of the video, along with Lovato's explanation of its LGBT-infused theme, in the teaser (below). The video debuts simultaneously at 5 p.m. ET on June 26 on MTV, MTV Hits, Logo TV, MTV.com, LogoTV.com, VH1.com and Vevo.com. See also: Nailed It: Demi Lovato Slays 'Give Me Love' Bridge in Duet With Ed Sheeran The 21-year-old vocalist filmed the video, directed by Ryan Pallotta, in Los Angeles on June 8 during the city's annual Pride Parade at which Lovato was the grand marshal. "The energy was electric and radiates in this video" Lovato said. "For me, 'Really Don't Care' is an anthem that represents being comfortable in your own skin and not caring what others think. Pride defines that." Read more...More about Mtv, Music, Lgbt, Gay Pride, and Music Video

When you catch a bad break, it's easy to overreact and lament your misfortune. Maybe you got a bad grade on a test, or dropped your phone in the toilet. Or maybe you were a Team USA fan watching as Portugal stole a win from the American side at the last possible second in their World Cup match. See also: 41 Chipper Songs to Celebrate International Day of Happiness But once you've had some time to process your bad luck, you often realize that things aren't as bad as they seem. Take the USMNT, for example — that "heartbreaking" draw still leaves the team with a 76% chance to advance past the group stage. Read more...More about Music, Community, Playlist, Spotify, and Music Monday

Robin Thicke is making it quite clear he wants his estranged wife, Paula Patton, back. After announcing he's naming his next album Paula and promoting it widely with "#Paula," Thicke delivered an impassioned music video for "Get Her Back." Whether you think this is an admirable way to win her over or a sad example of not moving on once a relationship is over, the "Blurred Lines" singer's video is a raw look into how badly the 37-year-old musician feels about losing his lover. Thicke and Patton started dating when they were teenagers, got married in 2005 and then separated in February 2014. See also: 10 Saucy 'Blurred Lines' Covers That You Know You Want Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Music Videos, and Robin Thicke

Eccentric "Roar" singer Katy Perry pledged to contribute an anthem to Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign if the former U.S. Secretary of State declares her candidacy After picking up a copy of Clinton's memoir Hard Choices and snapping a photo with Clinton at one of the book's recent tour stops, Perry (the most-followed person on Twitter) tweeted the moment to her nearly 54 million followers. See also: Hillary Clinton's Book Tour Looks a Lot Like a Presidential Campaign The tweet even attracted a rare mention from Clinton's Twitter account .@katyperry Well that’s not a Hard Choice. You already did! Keep letting us hear you Roar. — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) June 22, 2014 Read more... More about Music, Entertainment, Politics, Hillary Clinton, and Katy Perry

British crooner Sam Smith has transformed the late Whitney Houston's 1985 dance hit "How Will I Know" into a stirring ballad anchored by his familiar falsetto Smith performed the cover on radio program SiriusXM Hits 1, which posted the video over the weekend to much fanfare, causing his rendition to become a Facebook trending topic well into Monday. The video is nearing 1 million YouTube views as of Monday morning. See also: Oh, Memories: 25 Songs Used in 'Orange Is the New Black' Season 2 Woah. My Whitney cover has had 817,055 views in 3 days!! Jeeeeheeeeezus http://t.co/k5syYXZmGx — SAM SMITH (@samsmithworld) June 23, 2014 Read more... More about Music, Entertainment, Covers, Whitney Houston, and Sam Smith

Like many fathers before him, Pearl Jam's Eddie Vedder sang "Let It Go" from Frozen, but unlike most other dads, Vedder belted Disney's self-empowerment anthem and channeled his inner Queen Elsa in front of thousands of rock fans. During an encore performance of the band's 1993 Vs. single "Daughters" at San Siro Stadium in Milan, Italy, on Saturday, Pearl Jam broke into a few lines of "Let It Go." See also: 25 TV Theme Songs Every '90s Kid Will Remember This fan video shows 49-year-old Vedder, who has two young daughters, attempt to hit the notes in the Oscar-winning song made famous by Idina Menzel Read more...More about Music, Disney, Viral Video, Covers, and Pearl Jam

The Glastonbury Festival temporarily creates the third biggest "city" in South West England every year as almost 200,000 people flock to a bucolic corner of Somerset. Fourty-four years since its first incarnation, the festival has changed utterly from a small gathering to a meticulously planned behemoth. To some, a terrible beauty has been born over the last five decades. To others, the festival is still a must see, a rite of passage or just the perfect five days in the midst of a busy year. Whatever your reason for going to Glastonbury, failure to prepare means preparation for failure. With a site as big as this, you need to know at least a little before you go. And since your phone is the one thing you can be reasonably sure not to forget, what better preparation than the mobile kind? These apps will help you find your way around, stay (reasonably) healthy, discover some brilliant music before you arrive and just help you navigate one of the most bonkers and amazing places you're ever likely to visit. Read more...More about Apps Lists, Glastonbury, Music, Apps Software, and Mobile

A middle school talent show is probably one of the most nerve-racking experiences in any kid's life, and this is exactly why. Anything can go wrong at any time, and for this intrepid foursome tragedy struck very early. They decided to perform Weezer's "Undone" (also known as The Sweater Song), a typical song for a young musical group to attempt. The intro went off without a hitch, but by the first lyric, everything went south. See also: 11 Songs From the '90s That Are Darker Than You Thought As soon as the vocalist and keyboardist touched his keys to play the first note, the instrument crumbled beneath him to the ground in a heap of sadness. The shock was visible on the young musician's face. Read more...More about Video, Music, Cute, Viral Video, and Fail

Welcome to Throwback Tunesday, where Mashable amplifies the echoes of music past. With genre trends and throwbacks, we synthesize music and nostalgia. When Hanson's massively addictive "MMMBop" became a staple on radio in 1997, none of the three brothers in the band were old enough to drink alcohol. Flash-forward 17 years later and the trio has its own beer fittingly named MMMHops For Isaac, Taylor and Zac Hanson — now ages 33, 31 and 28 — many aspects of their lives have changed. They can drink. They're all married. Combined, they have 11 children See also: Soundgarden on Streaming, Seattle and 20 Years of 'Superunknown' Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Hanson, and Throwback Tunesday

Coldplay's beautiful "A Sky Full of Stars" song just got the wacky music video treatment. Unlike the levitation-infused music video for Coldplay's previous single, "Magic," this one shows the band sporting weird musical contraptions while marching through the streets of Sydney, Australia See also: Nailed It: Demi Lovato Slays 'Give Me Love' Bridge in Duet With Ed Sheeran The instrument-laden outfits are an odd juxtaposition with the track's romantic lyrics ("'Cause in a sky full of stars I think I see you. You're a sky full of stars, such a heavenly view") Regardless of the garb, front man Chris Martin looks happy, a welcome demeanor for fans, considering he and Gwyneth Paltrow split up "'with hearts full of sadness" in March after more than 10 years of marriage Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Music Videos, Coldplay, and Weird

Blunderbuss singer-songwriter Jack White just scored his second No. 1 solo album on the Billboard 200 chart with his sophomore effort Lazaretto, but more notably, he also broke the longstanding record for highest first-week vinyl sales in the United States in more than two decades His Lazaretto LP — containing a hand-etched hologram of a floating angel — sold more than 40,000 copies in one week, dethroning Pearl Jam's Vitalogy, which claimed the Nielsen SoundScan record in 1994 with 34,000 copies. Nielsen SoundScan has been tracking vinyl sales since 1991. See also: Soundgarden on Streaming, Seattle and 20 Years of 'Superunknown' Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Vinyl, and Jack White

SEATTLE — T-Mobile is bringing its "un-carrier" mantra to Internet radio: The company is teaming up with music company Rhapsody to launch unRadio, an ad-free music-streaming service that lets you play music on-demand for as long as you'd like, without running up your mobile bill. While the music-streaming industry is inundated with competition (e.g. Spotify, Pandora and most recently, Amazon Prime Music), unRadio promises a different approach. And based on the offering, it actually seems different See also: Hands On: Amazon's Fire Phone Is More Than Meets the Eye unRadio is free for T-Mobile's Simple Choice customers, which includes those with an unlimited phone and 4G LTE data plan for about $80 a month. T-Mobile customers without unlimited data can get the music-streaming service for $4 — it's a far cry from other services that run about $10 a month. Put another way, that's $72 in savings each year. It's $5 a month for non-customers. Read more...More about Music, T Mobile, Tech, Apps Software, and Mobile

Let's-a go and listen to the love story one boy exudes for gaming superstar Mario. Set to music of One Republic's top 40 hit "Love Runs Out," this "Lives Run Out" parody chronicles the life of a hardcore gamer, who eventually becomes a jobless adult living at home with his mother until — you guessed it — his game lives run out. See also: Tony Awards Nominations Embrace Celebrities, Works Inspired by Films The musical parody comes from The Warp Zone, the comedic group that also brought us the catchy Halo 4 spoof and the Dark Knight Rises-Zero Dark Thirty mashup. Here's One Republic's "Love Runs Out," which is No. 32 on Billboard's Hot 100: Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Gaming, Mario, and Super Mario

HBO's True Blood TV series meets its true death when the seventh and final season wraps up in August, but Sookie Stackhouse and the Bon Temps gang may be revived for a musical. The show's composer Nathan Barr has pitched True Blood: The Musical to the powers that be at HBO, with help from True Blood star Stephen Moyer, who last year starred and sang in NBC's live musical spectacle of The Sound of Music. See also: Gruesome 'True Blood' Trailer Will Suck You Into the Final Season Barr and Boyer presented musical samples to HBO and True Blood creator Alan Ball, the Associated Press reports, and Barr plans to finish a workshop version of it in 2015. Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Hbo, True Blood, and Musical

Deadmau5 transformed a Ferrari into a Nyan Cat-themed "Purrari" this year, but now after putting it to good use at the Gumball 3000 international motor rally this month, the electronic music producer is selling it on Craigslist and AutoTrader to the highest bidder. People can claw their way to owning it by spending at least $380,000. If Deadmau5 sells it for more than that price, he'll donate the rest to the Toronto Humane Society. See also: Deadmau5 Debuts 'Phantoms Can’t Hang' While Racing in Nyan Cat Ferrari "I only know one dude who would do this to a half-million dollar Ferrari: me," he told Mashable via Skype in December. "LAWL. Suck it, world. Nyanyanyanyanyanyanyanyanyanyanyan." Read more...More about Music, Deadmau5, Nyan Cat, Entertainment, and Ferrari

OK Go, the band known for its highly technical and visionary music videos done in one take, released a new single on Tuesday called "Writing's on the Wall." The band's careful choreography is often even more mesmerizing than its music. Bassist Timothy Nordwind said the video “is all about illusions, perspective and perspective tricks," and that his favorite part is the very last shot, in which the name of the song gets revealed on the walls of the entire warehouse. (Nordwind also shaved half — yes, half — of his beard for the video for a special illusion.) See also: 20 Funniest YouTube Videos According to Reddit Read more...More about Music, Ok Go, Entertainment, and Video

Well, this is impressive Fast-forward to the 3:23 mark in this "Give Me Love" duet, featuring Demi Lovato and Ed Sheeran, when the pair launches into the passionate bridge. Lovato takes Sheeran's song to another level, particularly at 3:40, with powerful Janis Joplin-esque raspy growls. See also: Ed Sheeran's Ellis Island Concert: Ferries, Fireworks and Freak Storm "Skyscraper" singer Lovato joined "Lego House" crooner Sheeran for the performance Monday night at 104.3 MYfm's My Big Night Out at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles Afterward, Sheeran sang Lovato's praises on Twitter to his 9.6 million followers: Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Demi Lovato, and Ed Sheeran



A new animated short film, released this week to coincide with LGBT Pride Month, weaves an emotional tale of one man's quest to find someone who will accept him It's part of Allstate's #OutHoldingHands campaign, anchored on the simple yet meaningful hand-holding gesture and propelled by openly gay singer Eli Lieb's "Safe In My Hands." See also: Bold Music Video Explores Small-Town Gay Romance "I hope that the song, in combination with the film, gives people the strength to be 100 percent their true authentic self and to not be afraid of it," Lieb told Mashable. "And I hope that it just shows that love is love. Love transcends gender, race, sexuality." Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Lgbt, Gay Pride, and Pride Month

American Top 40 radio legend Casey Kasem, who had Parkinson's disease and dementia, died Sunday on Father's Day surrounded by relatives and close friends at 3:23 a.m. PT at St. Anthony's Hospital in Gig Harbor, Washington, Mashable has confirmed. Kasem was 82 "Even though we know he is in a better place and no longer suffering, we are heartbroken," Kerri Kasem, his daughter from his first marriage with Linda Myers, wrote on Facebook. "Thank you for all your love, support and prayers. The world will miss Casey Kasem, an incredible talent and humanitarian; we will miss our Dad." See also: 'Brady Bunch' Star Ann B. Davis Dies at 88 After Fall in Home Read more...More about Music, Radio, Death, Entertainment, and Casey Kasem

Leftover raindrops dripped off the tent covering Ed Sheeran as he melodically hypnotized fans Friday night with "All of the Stars" from the romantic drama The Fault In Our Stars The outdoor show on Ellis Island, New York, provided concertgoers with stunning views and equally stunning performances from the English singer-songwriter. Lights from the Empire State Building and One World Trade Center glowed in the distance beyond Sheeran. Ferries floated along the Hudson River and airplanes glided above the city skyline. See also: Ed Sheeran Debuts 'Sing' Music Video Exclusively on Facebook "I found it funny Ed didn't notice the skyline view until halfway through the show," 21-year-old Megan Krezman, who flew in from California as a radio contest winner, told Mashable Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, New York City, Concert, and Ed Sheeran

"Everything is different the second time around," sings Regina Spektor during the opening credits of Orange Is the New Black — just like the show's music in Season 2. Her "You’ve Got Time" theme song, written specifically for Netflix's prison comedy series, sets the tone for every episode. But this sophomore season showcased even more spectacular song selections that added emotional power to certain scenes. See also: Netflix Creates 'Flappy Bird' Clone for 'Orange Is the New Black' Season 2 In the first episode, when imprisoned lead character Piper Chapman had no clue why guards put her on a plane or where she was going, Andrew Bird's instrument-laden "Pulaski at Night" kicked in just as handcuffed Piper saw the Chicago skyline from her airplane seat. "Come back to Chicago, city of, city of light," Bird belts in a nonchalant, half-glass-empy fashion. Read more...More about Music, Netflix, Tv, Streaming Tv, and Entertainment

Today, millennials make up 25% of the U.S. population (that’s 77 million people), and their economic spending power is $1.3 trillion dollars, according to PTTOW. In order to sell millennials on a product, concept or service, marketers have to connect with them on an emotional level that aligns with their complex value sets surrounding socioeconomic conditions and new cultural norms. In the past decade, one of the most helpful tools used to address the nonlinear path to connecting with this demographic has been music. See also: 11 Tips and Tricks for Spotify Power Users Music is powerful because it is content, and it stimulates social interaction and drives loyalty. Disruptive streaming technologies and the onset of multi-screen user behavior have forced drastic shifts in the use of music as a marketing tool by music labels, entertainment companies and brands across multiple consumer categories. Read more...More about Marketing, Millenials, Android Music App, Festivals, and Business

On Orange is the New Black, Norma Romano may be Red's mute former sidekick, but offscreen she's far from silent. In the ultimate #TBT discovery, Jim DeRogatis of WBEZ.org unearthed actress Annie Golden's hard-rocking past as lead singer of The Shirts, a power pop band that headlined New York's CBGB's in the 1970s. See also: Keep Frenemies Close With These 10 Tips From 'Orange is the New Black' Though The Shirts were known for a more punk rock sound, Golden's closest attempt at a hit was 1984's "Hang Up the Phone," a sugary pop song featured on the Sixteen Candles soundtrack Watch Golden dance her heart out in one of the most quintessentially '80s music videos ever, complete with neon leg warmers, sweat bands and questionable pairings of socks and high-heels Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Tv, Watercooler, and Videos

Welcome to Throwback Tunesday, where Mashable amplifies the echoes of music past. From genre trends to throwbacks, we synthesize music and nostalgia. This week, we checked in with U.K.-based quartet, Metronomy, who released their fourth studio album Love Letters earlier this year. The album in and of itself is a bit of a throwback — Metronomy recorded on analog tape for this one. It's an interesting decision from a band that seems to appreciate the offerings of modern technology, through its focus on electro and a marked penchant for remixes. See also: Throwback Tunesday: Tegan and Sara Get Nostalgic Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Twitter, Tbt, and Throwback Tunesday

Linkin Park's artsy music video for "Until It's Gone" is chock full of symbolism relating to how the band feels about the music industry and the current state of rock. The video, which Linkin Park exclusively debuted on Facebook to its 62 million fans, is the first one for the group's sixth studio album, The Hunting Party. See also: Soundgarden on Streaming, Seattle and 20 Years of 'Superunknown' "The visuals have an aggressive edge to it that is the representation of the band as The Hunting Party," Linkin Park's Joe Hahn told Mashable. "We are the same guys you always knew but, a little older, weathered and experiencedThe video has an undertone of the world going to shit. There is a black ooze that crystallizes the world. It is an infection. This black ooze is representing other music out there. We are merely here to fill in that sliver with the music that we bring. I guess you can say that we are filling a void." Read more...More about Facebook, Music, Entertainment, Music Videos, and Linkin Park

"Pills N Potions" gives us the softer side of Nicki Minaj's rap repertoire, but the subdued song's music video doesn't hold back, delivering many head-scratching visuals. The trippy video features fellow rapper The Game, whose tattooed head at one point appears without a body in Minaj's arms as though she were holding a basketball See also: Boys' Viral Anti-Bullying Song Brings Tears to 'Got Talent' Audience We've captured 20 standout moments from the video in the screenshots, below: BONUS: 10 Copycats Who Stirred Up Treble in Music History Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Art, Music Videos, and Nicki Minaj

Singer-songwriter Sia once again refused to face the cameras — this time during a performance of "Chandelier" on Late Night With Seth Meyers. Instead, she laid face-down on a bed on Monday as wig-wearing Girls star Lena Dunham did an interpretive dance. Sia, who has admitted she has social anxiety and last year also wrote an anti-fame manifesto detailing how she and fame "will never be married," only moved from her resting position for some minor leg choreography and to cuddle with Dunham at the end. See also: Soundgarden on Streaming, Seattle and 20 Years of 'Superunknown' It's hard to tell whether Sia actually sang or even lip-synched while Dunham danced, and several commenters on YouTube expressed similar doubts. Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Tv, Lena Dunham, and Sia

It's a game of cat and Deadmau5 at the Gumball 3000 international motor rally, where the electronic music producer is driving through Europe in a half-million dollar "Purrari" — a Nyan Cat-themed Ferrari. Amid his vehicular antics, Deadmau5 is world premiering a new song (listen below) exclusively on Mashable on Monday, one day before it becomes available on iTunes. See also: Underneath the Mouse Head: 5 Facts About Deadmau5 This is the final album version of "Phantoms Can't Hang" from while(1<2), which comes out June 17. Fans have previously heard snippets and rough cuts of the track because Deadmau5, born Joel Thomas Zimmerman, routinely uploads works in progress online. Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Memes, Deadmau5, and Nyan Cat

Patrick Wilson has some slick moves — and this time he didn't even need drum sticks to prove it. The Weezer drummer showed off both his musical prowess and excellent frisbee skills during the band's show in St. Augustine, Florida on June 6. While playing "Beverly Hills," Wilson caught a frisbee that flew in from the crowd without missing a beat. See also: 20 Inexplicably Satisfying GIFs to Cleanse Your Internet Palate Post by Weezer. Lead singer Rivers Cuomo looked pretty impressed, albeit slightly confused, at the catch. The entire band didn't stop the music for a second to bask in Wilson's victory, which only adds to their status as rock and roll badasses. Read more...More about Viral Videos, Music, Videos, Bands, and Weezer

If hangovers could be visualized, this music video would just about sum things up Psy (the king of WTF) and Snoop Dogg (the king of WTF while stoned) have teamed up for a new song called "Hangover." It could be, dare we say, the song of summer. Or perhaps more aptly, the song that drives you to give up alcohol forever See also: Listen to Every Summer Song Since 1962 It seems Psy, best known for his incomparably popular tune "Gangnam Style," has forsaken goofy dance moves for doing shots with Snoop. While difficult to highlight just one memorable part of the video, we'll go with the duo's synchronized tooth-brushing routine Read more...More about Viral Videos, Music, Snoop Dogg, Entertainment, and Videos

A teary-eyed Audra McDonald accepted her record-breaking sixth Tony Award — the most of any actor ever — on Sunday night for her role as Billie Holiday in Lady Day at Emerson's Bar & Grill. The history-making moment was among the many highlights inside New York's Radio City Music Hall, broadcasted live on CBS Neil Patrick Harris, who during his Hedwig and the Angry Inch performance kissed his fiancé and licked Samual L. Jackson's glasses, took home the top prize for a leading role in a musical for his portrayal of a transgender woman in Hedwig. "They weren't alerted to the fact that things were going to happen to them — naughty, dirty things," Harris said backstage in the media room. Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Tv, Broadway, and Musicals

Jimmy Iovine has been touting the need for better curation in music streaming for more than a year. Iovine noted in February 2013 that Apple, Google and Facebook have plenty of data on their users' musical tastes, "but no one is using [that data] to curate." And he argued the point again last month, on the same day it was announced that the first of those three companies would be buying Beats, the business Iovine cofounded with Dr. Dre. "What's going on with some of these other services is they're purely based on algorithms, and algorithms can't do the job alone," Iovine said during an interview at Recode's Code Conference. "So what happens is you have young people listening to certain radio stations on the Internet, right, and for some reason they just don't understand why they're not getting the feel they're supposed to get, so it's not all the hype they heard about quote, music." Read more...More about Apple, Spotify, Beats, Business, and Music

Although Beyonce, Jay Z and Justin Timberlake may run the pop world, it's the youth that are shaping tomorrow's musical landscape. With this in mind, Spotify announced its inaugural list of the top 25 artists under 25. The music streaming service pored over number-one hits, volume and growth of streams and shares, as well as viral chart success from the past year to determine who made the cut. See also: Listen to Every Summer Song Since 1962 See which young artists are dominating this year's charts, ranked in order by streams below. Spotify has also made a playlist embedded below for your listening pleasure. Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Lists, Ugc, and Spotify

The Twitter account of musician Neil Young was hacked Friday night. Whoever hijacked Young's verified account (@Neilyoung) tweeted various pornographic (NSFW) images, many of them retweets from the account of a prominent porn site. The hacker also sent out several expletive-laden tweets, adding the hashtag #neilslayed to some of them, apparently to draw attention to the hack. See also: Neil Young's Long Fight to Restore the Quality of Music One tweet admitted the account had been hacked, but that the situation had been "taken care of." However, many of the questionable tweets came after that tweet, which posted at 11:28 p.m. ET. Read more...More about Twitter, Neil Young, Music, and Social Media

Finding a job is overrated. What's not overrated? Snapchat. High five, millennials To break up the monotony of sending out résumés, recent Harvard graduate Anthony Zonfrelli used every bit of his Ivy League education to create hilarious Snaps of himself singing along to pop songs. See also: How to Add Mashable on Snapchat Even if Zonfrelli finds a job soon, he better keep Snapping. Or, if Snapchat is hiring .. Video: YouTube, Anthony Zonfrelli Video: YouTube, Anthony Zonfrelli Video: YouTube, ANTHONY ZONFRELLIBONUS: A Girl Created the Perfect Boyfriend Using Snapchat Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Read more...More about Viral Videos, Music, Funny, Watercooler, and Videos

Two videos of Justin Bieber making racist remarks surfaced this week, featuring the pop star from a few years ago saying the N-word repeatedly and mentioning the Ku Klux Klan. While many people were outraged by these videos, some simply accepted his apology and moved on. Others, surprisingly, even came to Bieber's defense See also: Justin Bieber Is Accused of Trying to Steal a Woman's Cellphone Look, we all get a little Biebenfreude sometimes. But considering the monumental backlash celebrities face when making racist remarks even less harmful than those in the Bieber videos, it seems like Justin's getting a free-pass on this, no? Read more...More about Justin Bieber, Mashable Video, Music, Watercooler, and Videos

Approximately 70 million troops served as part of the Allied Forces during World War II. The massive deployment included actors, authors, musicians and athletes, who all served their country in a time of need. The war affected not only those who were on the ground, but also people working in factories to create products to aid the troops. Many left their families behind, risking their lives to join the front lines See also: Heads Bowed, Flags Raised: World Leaders and Veterans Remember D-Day A number of WWII veterans are alive today to tell their stories — veterans whose names you may not recognize. We've compiled a list of names you're likely more familiar with who also played a role during the war. Read more...More about Lists, Celebrities, Entertainment, Film, and Music

The 68th Tony Awards will deliver doses of the past, present and future Sunday, when the Hugh Jackman-hosted shindig shimmies onto your TV screen at 8 p.m. ET on CBS. The cast of Wicked will return for a 10-year anniversary performance live from New York's Radio City Music Hall, while Sting will show off a song from his upcoming musical, The Last Ship. Meanwhile, the night will celebrate the present — the best of Broadway musicals and plays — with performances from nominees and special guests (see full list, below). See also: The Most Fun Job at the Tony Awards Goes to Barrett Foa of 'NCIS: LA' Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Celebrities, Broadway, and Musicals

On the heels of Apple's $3 billion purchase of Beats, a report has emerged that Google is looking to make a much more modest acquisition in the same category. The search giant is in talks to buy music streaming service Songza, which has 5.5 million active users, according to The New York Post, which cited two unnamed sources. Reps from Google and Songza could not be reached for immediate comment. See also: 23 Freaking Rad Spotify Playlists for Every Mood The six-year-old Songza specializes in curation by music experts that's designed to match your mood. The company has raised $6.7 million in total; last September, it raised $4.7 million and began developing native advertising for Vitaminwater, Taco Bell and Samsung, among others. The ads play during sponsored playlists of 50 to 60 songs that include a banner ad and a 15-second video. Read more...More about Google, Music, Songza, Business, and Small Business

The key to a good GoPro video is, well, in D Minor. Sure, you're probably accustomed to seeing the POV camera used for recording extreme sports (black-flipping off a canyon or ski flying in Norway). But in a recent YouTube video from ValentinaLisitsa, the camera is used to showcase one pianist's rapid finger movement in Beethoven's Sonata No. 17. See also: 21 Completely Unconventional Cover Songs "This video just proves that playing piano is just as exciting as mountain biking, paragliding or just doing silly stuff with GoPro camera as a companion," the video's description reads. Now that deserves a standing ovation. Read more...More about Youtube, Viral Video, Piano, Gopro, and Music

Welcome to Throwback Tunesday, where Mashable amplifies the echoes of music past. From genre trends to throwbacks, we synthesize music and nostalgia. From the balcony view at Soundgarden's concert in New York City this week, the mosh pit below fluidly moved like an amoeba, with fans ricocheting off one another as the grunge pioneers performed decades-old hits "Black Hole Sun" and "Spoonman." The Seattle rockers filled Webster Hall with a rowdy mix of staunch followers, who've been buying music since the days of cassette tapes and CDs, and a new generation of music-streaming devotees for the intimate concert commemorating the 20th anniversary of Superunknown, an album that spawned both of those 1994 Grammy-winning singles. Read more...More about Music, Entertainment, Music Streaming, Spotify, and Soundgarden

A New York jury on Thursday awarded the surviving members of the Beastie Boys $1.7 million in a copyright case against Monster Energy drink. Adam "Ad Rock" Horovitz and Michael "Mike D" Diamond appeared in a New York court last week seeking more than $2 million from Monster, which had used the Beastie Boys songs "Sabotage," "Make Some Noise" and "So What'cha Want" in the soundtrack for a video commemorating an annual snowboarding contest, Ruckus in the Rockies. The video was posted on YouTube. See also: 35 Ways Musicians and Music Brands Are Using Twitter's Vine App While Monster acknowledged that it used the material without permission, the surviving members of the group — a third, Adam "MCA" Yauch, died in 2012 — claim that the $125,000 that the company was offering was way too low. Yauch's will stipulated that his name, music, image or "any artistic property created" by him should not be used for advertising. The $2 million Horovitz and Diamond were seeking included $1 million for use of the songs and another $1 million for an "implied endorsement." Read more...More about Copyright, Beastie Boys, Business, Media, and Music

Just when you thought you'd had more than your fill of World Cup hype, Beats by Dre goes and gets involved. The music company, which Apple confirmed it would buy for $3 billion, just released a lengthy ad called "The Game Before the Game," which may very well leave you speechless. See also: 32 Outstanding World Cup Names (and How to Pronounce Them) The five-minute spot opens with Brazilian superstar Neymar having a heart-to-heart conversation with his father before a soccer match, set over footage of favelas, coastlines and the team bus. Then the rocking tune "Jungle" by X Ambassadors and Jamie N Commons sets in, and a host of global superstars from inside and outside the soccer world make cameos Read more...More about Soccer, World Cup, Beats, Advertising, and Entertainment