A gorgeous gown can make you feel as beautiful as a rose — especially if it's literally made of rose petals. Business student and fashion illustrator Grace Ciao finds her design inspiration from nature. Ciao creates unique and totally wearable fashions by pressing real petals onto model illustrations without the use of ink, watercolor or pencil. See also: 10 Fresh Apps for Fashion Enthusiasts The blooming creations celebrate every color and curve that you can find in nature — something a lot of women would love to see walking down the runway. More of Ciao's sketches can be seen on Instagram or on her website Read more...More about Fashion, Photography, Flower, Watercooler, and Pics

Food produces fond memories, from reliving happy family dinners to simply satisfying a sweet tooth. But a darker side also exists when finding comfort in food. After struggling with her own food challenges, artist Lee Price began painting a deeply personal series of self-portraits. Her hyperrealistic paintings, depicting stolen moments of binge eating, convey the difficult relationship many people experience while seeking solace through food. See also: Photo Series Looks at the Grotesque Side of Beauty Rituals "When we are not able to sit with uncomfortable feelings, we tend to grab for things to distract ourselves — whether that be food, television, alcohol, drugs," Price said in an interview with Mashable Read more...More about Art, Photography, Paintings, Pics, and Conversations

Amazon recently won a patent for perhaps the most commonly used photography technique around: snapping a picture of an object against a white background. But according to experts, the patent isn't exactly what it seems and shouldn't have as much of a profound impact on photographers as they think. The news of the patent win first surfaced about two weeks ago, and the resulting uproar focused on supposed ownership of a basic technique. Technically, it could mean Amazon has license to sue anyone shooting a catalog. See also: The 18 Most Important Features in iOS 8 Not surprisingly, photographers are not happy. In fact, there's already a petition circulating with nearly 45,000 signatures asking the US Patent and Trademark Office to appeal the parent. Read more...More about Amazon, Photography, Patent, Marketing, and Tech

The only thing the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles loved more than fighting crime was a hot, fresh pizza Whenever Leonardo, Donatello, Michelangelo and Raphael decided to take a rest it was always for something delicious — at least, it was delicious to them. With unorthodox ingredients like clams, peanut butter and chocolate sprinkles, the boys gobbled up some interesting creations that were totally unique to them See also: 17 Things We Learned From Old Cartoon PSAs Food news website Food Beast recreated some of the Turtles' strangest concoctions in a series of rather appetizing photos — as long as you don't think about the ingredients. A full list of Food Beast's turtle-powered creations can be found here. Read more...More about Lists, Photography, Ugc, Pizza, and Film

You never expect the clean, minimal look of Lego bricks and gritty street art to go hand-in-hand. But the modular toy is even more versatile that you think. Photographer Jeff Friesen takes the subversive artworks of elusive street artist Banksy and builds on them with his Lego-inspired series, Bricksy. Friesen, along with his daughter, is a Lego enthusiast who incorporated Lego into many of his projects including 50 States of Lego and The Great Lego North. See also: Lego Travellers Build Memories With Creative Vacation Photos Friesen cleverly reimagines Banksy's world-renowned images, giving them a considerable clean up. When placing the originals in a more light-hearted context, the subversive artworks are subverted themselves in a tongue-in-cheek fashion. For Friesen, it's all about getting a good laugh. Read more...More about Pics, Art, Photography, Lego, and Banksy

Photo filters are now just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to editing images on Instagram. The photo-sharing service announced 10 new editing tools on Tuesday for both iOS and Android. In addition to new adjustments like contrast, brightness and saturation, Instagram's filters have also been tweaked; users can now adjust the filter's intensity with a slide bar. See also: Beyond the Filters: A Look at Instagram's Advanced Editing Tools Instagram first started utilizing the slide bar in March with the app's Lux tool, which serves as a fill light of sorts for dark photos. That slide bar is now available on a number of editing features, giving users more control over how dramatic their edits appear. Read more...More about Apps, Photography, Instagram, Facebook, and Tech

Some women change nearly every aspect of their bodies in order to be deemed "beautiful." They paint their nails, style their hair, put on makeup and even subject themselves to painful surgical treatments in the pursuit of perfection. Photographer Jessica Ledwich shows a grotesque side of everyday beauty rituals in her series, Monstrous Feminine. Each photograph depicts the daily routine of women — from shaving their legs to strapping on a pair of uncomfortable, sky-high heels — and places them in a new, more gruesome context. See also: Parody Photoshop Ads Expose Unattainable Beauty Standards Read more... More about Art, Photography, Women, Watercooler, and Pics

When a photo is all you have to represent yourself, the pressure can be daunting — especially in online dating. How can a dude woo the ladies with cars, money and sensitivity when she could swipe to the next face in seconds? You want to look casual, but not sloppy. Adventurous, but not unapproachable. All in one pic?! Yeah, right. See also: 13 Signs You're in a Relationship With Your Smartphone It's hard not to resort to clichés when you're being judged by your cover. But, seriously, your pics with a tiger aren't fooling anyone. Grab a camera and some decent lighting, and just take a normal picture. Read more...More about Lists, Photography, Online Dating, Humor, and Relationships

While many designers like to look at the big picture, one Texas-based designer finds inspiration in the tiniest of items. Inka Mathew color codes the trinkets in her life according to her Pantone Matching System swatch book for a personal project she calls "Tiny PMS Match". See also: 15 Pantone Accessories to Color Your World Image: Tiny PMS MatchFor each post, Mathew choose an object tiny enough to fit on a small Pantone swatch and combs her swatch book in search of a perfect color match. The result is a simple, organized and ever-growing series of photos spanning the color spectrum. "Since [starting the project], I've paid more attention to the little things in my life — literally," she told Mashable. "From current little flowers in my yard, my son's Lego mini figure's head, my daughter's strawberry gummy snack, dinosaur cake sprinkles in my pantry, to my husband's blood pressure control pill ... I want to visually record these tiny objects that are currently in my life." Read more...More about List, Pics, Art, Photography, and Watercooler

A dragon grows in England — and the fantastic beast surprisingly has nothing to do with Game of Thrones or the next Harry Potter film. Norfolk native John Brooker cultivates the creature out of his own hedges, tending to them for hours every day to get each snarling tooth and pointy claw just right. See also: Everything You Need to Make Your Own Urban Garden At about 100-feet long and 20-feet tall, this definitely isn't your garden variety shrub. J.K. Rowling might want to get this guy's number. BONUS: 10 Crazy Vacation Ideas for Thrillseekers Read more... More about Photography, Gardening, Watercooler, Pics, and Lifestyle

There's nothing that couldn't be improved by the addition of cats — and that includes growing up. Tea parties, chess, fishing, meals and learning math — all improved by cats. Russian photographer Andy Prokh has documented his daughter, Katherine, as she grows up alongside two handsome felines. See also: 19 Things You Didn't Know Cats Could Do The whimsical photo series offers a small glimpse of the day-to-day for this trio. The photographer's love for his subjects shines through the black and white series, revealing another level of affection that's just as touching as the one between his 6-year-old and her cat companions. Read more...More about Pics, Lists, Art, Photography, and Cute

Rarely do our photographs really capture the fun of travel. We're all guilty of crowding our loved ones' News Feeds with the same old snapshots in front of famous landmarks while on vacation But these little plastic globetrotters have found a new and creative way to document their travels. See also: Gotta Build 'Em All: Lego Fan Creates Pokemon With Bricks Craig and Lindsey, who originally hail from Scotland and are also known as the Lego Travellers, had trekked around the world even before adopting their Lego personas "We like to travel as much as we can, and when we go somewhere new, Lindsey always has the camera and I carry the map and a bag with our things," said Craig told Mashable. Read more...More about Travel, Photography, Lego, Instagram, and Watercooler

The life of a superhero may seem exciting, but like every rewarding profession, along with the merit comes some unfortunate drawbacks. Photographer Benoit Lapray's photo series, "The Quest for Absolute" focuses on the loneliness of famous superheroes, set in the beautiful, yet desolate landscape of the French Alps. See also: 18 Pieces of Sage Wisdom From Batman Lapray began the ongoing photo series four years ago, while living in Haute-Savoie, France. During his many walks along the countryside, he began to imagine superheroes reflecting in these tranquil settings, charging up and acquiring new strengths between battling the lurking evils. Read more...More about Lists, Art, Photography, Batman, and Spiderman

Commanding a dog to sit and stay for artsy Instagram photos is near impossible — unless you have a dog as patient this handsome furball. Instagram user Samuel Jurcic seems to have no problem with his incredibly forgiving German Shorthaired Pointer, Lal. The dog poses every which way for Jurcic's artistic endeavors. The themes of the 'Grams vary from fun to funky, but Lal's ethereal calmness is the one constant. See also: The 75 Absolutely Cutest Animals on Instagram Lal appears so composed thorough the whole process, it's as if he knows his patience benefits the greater Instagram good. Read more... More about Pics, Art, Photography, Dog, and Instagram

You don't know New York City until you've ridden the subway. It can be crowded, dank and oftentimes (especially during the summer months) repugnant as millions of city dwellers pack themselves into moving tin cans. But as grimy as traveling underground is, if you can take a step back, you'll find plenty of beauty in the subway. Freelance art director and sometimes photographer Adam Chang always wanted to move to New York City. A graduate from the University of Central Florida, Chang found his way to New York eight years ago, but his fascination with subway signage began in the summer of 2013 when he started the NY Train Project. Read more...More about Travel, Photography, New York City, Trains, and Subway

Saturday marks 10 years since same-sex marriage was first legalized in the United StatesMassachusetts was the first state to grant same-sex couples the right to marry, on May 17, 2004 Iowa, Maine and Vermont followed in 2009, and more since, though the history of same-sex marriage in the U.S. is storied with struggles and legislative roadblocks The first notable state case for marriage equality was Baker v. Nelson. In 1971, couple Richard John Baker and James Michael McConnell applied for a Minneapolis marriage license with court clerk Gerald R. Nelson. They were denied, because state law required applicants to be of the opposite sex. The couple appealed to the state Supreme Court, but got denied again, on the grounds that gay marriage was deemed unconstitutional at the time Read more...More about Wedding, Photography, Features, Lgbt, and Policy

iPad photography is a fact of life. No matter how ridiculous we may look holding a 9.4-inch or 7.8-inch device above our heads or in front of our faces, we’re going to keep using them to take pictures and video. It’s with that immutable fact in mind that iPhone accessory maker Olloclip is introducing its first iPad 4-in-1 lens attachment. See also: The 25 Best Free iPad Apps Olloclips are high-quality lens attachments that slide over the corner of your mobile device. They’re designed in such a way that the Olloclip lens lines up perfectly with your device lens and enhances it. Each Olloclip 4-in-1 comes with, as the name indicates, four lens options. There’s a wide angle on one side, a fisheye on the other (flip the Olloclip around to use it) and two macro lenses (10x and 15x), one under each primary lens. You access the macros by unscrewing each primary lens. The lenses are metal and the frame that slides onto your mobile device is plastic, so it doesn't scratch the finish. Read more...More about Review, Photography, Apple Tablet, Ipad, and Tablets

Nintendo's Game Boy was much more than just a handheld gaming device — it was also a multifunctional camera. At the time of its release, the Game Boy Camera was the smallest digital camera in the world, earning it a spot in the 1999 edition of the Guinness Book of World Records. Today, smartphones have made it so nearly everyone is walking around with a high-quality digital camera in their pocket. But that doesn't mean we can't reminisce those early days when you could turn selfies into a riveting game of Space Fever II See also: Every Game Boy Model From the Past 25 Years Professional photographer David Friedman recently found some pictures from his Game Boy Camera while performing file maintenance in a photo archive. The pictures were taken around Midtown Manhattan in 2000, proving that digital photography has come a long way but New York City still looks the same. Read more...More about Nyc, Art, Photography, Camera, and Game Boy

This Internet mogul wants to sell his house, and he's asked his real estate agents to make it so. Former CEO of the networking site FriendFinder Marc Bell is selling his gorgeous Florida home to the tune of $35 million. His incredible Mediterranean mansion includes eight bedrooms, 16 bathrooms and a couple of Star Trek-themed entertainment rooms — including a detailed recreation of the Starship Enterprise that serves as a home theater. See also: Beam Them Up, Kitty: Artist Draws Adorable 'Star Trek' Cats "We built this house to have fun. We wanted the home to be hands on and all about enjoying life," Bell states in a listing from Douglas Elliman Real Estate. "My philosophy is that you only live once, so why not make the most of where you live?" Read more...More about Lists, Real Estate, Photography, Star Trek, and Us

Shutterflies everywhere have some new ways to turn their ordinary photos into extraordinary works of art. Online magazine The Cooperative of Photography offered seven simple DIY tricks to upgrade your photographs — no expensive classes or fancy equipment required. From practical hacks like making your own diffused flash to creating more artistic filters on-the-go, shooting photos like a pro never seemed so easy. See also: 10 DIY Photo Filters to Think Outside the App Even if you're a beginner, you're well on your way to becoming a first-class photophile. Grab your camera and get snapping. BONUS: 9 Tips for Taking Great Vacation Photos Read more...More about Viral Videos, Videos, Photography, Diy, and How To

Exhilarating, terrifying, exhausting and fulfilling — motherhood is one of the most universal and unique experiences of a woman's life. On May 9, 1914, U.S. President Woodrow Wilson issued a proclamation declaring the second Sunday in May a national holiday to celebrate the work of all mothers. A century later, in recognition of the anniversary, we searched every corner of New York City for moms and their fascinating stories. See also: 21 Inspirational Stories That Prove Moms Are Superheroes Take a look at the collection below: the ups and downs of motherhood, revealed through each woman's philosophies, memories and advice. Read more...More about Photography, New York City, Features, Family, and Mothers Day

A few weeks ago, 83-year-old photographer Ken Heyman received a call from the office of his former agent, Woodfin Camp. They had photographs of Heyman's in a storage facility that was closing, and he needed to retrieve them. Stashed inside dozens of old boxes were hundreds of vintage prints and thousands of slides from assignments and books Heyman had done throughout his career. In one box was a folder marked “Mothers.” Many of these photographs were done for a book Heyman created with anthropologist Margaret Mead in 1965 called Family, which was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize the same year. This rediscovered work is a gift on this 100th anniversary of Mother’s Day. Read more...More about Photography, Us World, Us, Pics, and Mother S Day 2014

Fairytales play out in photographs for three lucky girls. John Wilhelm turned his passion for photography and digital art into stunning and creative family portraits of his young daughters. An IT professional and father in Switzerland, Wilhelm's connection between photography and family goes way back "Photography is and was always my hobby. It's somehow in the genes. My father was already a big photography enthusiast and founder of at least two photography associations here," Wilhelm wrote to Mashable. See also: Cool Dad Turns Son Into World's Cutest Action Star Wilhelm's striking images often star his three girls, who pose in a plain studio and end up in wild and magical locations. "I shoot, shoot, shoot, every free minute. While importing the photos to Lightroom the ideas usually pop up ... I shoot them in my little attic photo studio and bring everything together in Photoshop," Wilhelm says. Read more...More about Art, Photography, Dads, Creative, and Photoshop

Celebrities and fashion journalists weren't the only ones to add shimmer to the Met Gala red carpet on Monday night. Photographer Brandon Stanton, the man behind viral sensation Humans of New York (HONY), attended the glamorous event, which took place at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. Logging more than 4.9 million Facebook fans, HONY publishes portraits of New Yorkers who Stanton typically meets on the street. He pairs each photograph with touching, revelatory and often inspiring quotes, which he gathers by interviewing his subjects. See also: 14 Stunning Photographs That Bridge Past and Present Read more...More about Fashion, New York, Celebrities, Photography, and Entertainment

I thought selfies were a passing fad. I was wrong. Apparently, people are really into taking pictures of themselves (and others) from an arm's length away. It's no wonder the Oxford Dictionary named "selfie" the word of the year in 2013 and the most retweeted tweet ever is of Ellen and a bunch of movie stars at this year's Oscars. Cameras designed with the sole intention of helping people take better pictures of themselves are hardly a new idea. The Sony NEX-5TL and Samsung MV800 are two cameras with LCD screens that flip 180 degrees upward from the back so that you can see yourself. And years ago, Samsung even sold the ST500, a point-and-shoot with a secondary LCD on the front of the camera targeted at selfie fanatics Read more...More about Reviews, Samsung, Photography, Cameras, and Tech

Take a trip back in time — or at least pretend to, with photographs of gadgets and gizmos from our collective history. Photographer Jim Golden was inspired when he walked into a thrift store in rural Oregon, stumbling upon an old brick telephone, a la Zack Morris' oh-so-cutting-edge mobile in Saved By The Bell. See also: 8 Obsolete School Supplies and the Tech That Replaced Them "Since finding it, similar bits and pieces of old technology and media kept grabbing my attention. The fascination was equal parts nostalgia for the forms, and curiosity as to what had become of them," Golden wrote to Mashable. Read more...More about Pics, Photos, Technology, Photography, and 80s