Looking for a job? The Mashable Job Board is the place to search. With over 3,000 employers, we have a wide variety of top companies seeking talented people to fill job openings in different industries. Also be sure to read our Job Search Series for career-changing tips. Every week, we highlight recently posted openings. Check out this week's 10 listings in social media, PR and more: Position: Senior Vice President & Group Director - DigitalCompany: Edelman DigitalLocation: Seattle, Washington Edelman Digital is in search of a proven digital-marketing executive to lead our growing business in the Pacific Northwest. We are seeking a very experienced digital strategist with extensive experience building and leading a team, producing superior results with stellar service to a diverse set of Consumer, Corporate Affairs, Technology sector clients, and winning new business. Read more...More about Social Media, Pr, Job, Jobs Board, and Business

Slate in 2003 took on a new columnist to cover the Martha Stewart trial. The writer, Henry Blodget, was already fairly well known as a Wall Street analyst and a cheerleader for the dot-com boom. Most famously, Blodget predicted in 1998 that Amazon, then a brand-new public company, would hit $400 within a year, which it did. By the time Blodget moved on to Slate, his image on Wall Street was tarnished thanks to a probe by then-New York State Attorney General Eliot Spitzer. The investigation revealed that Blodget had publicly talked up stocks that he had privately disparaged in emails. In 2003, the Securities and Exchange Commission charged Blodget with civil securities fraud. He settled for $4 million and agreed to a lifetime ban from the securities industry. Read more...More about Media, Pr, Anthony Weiner, and Business

The NSA used to be wrapped in a cloak of mystery. Some still even refer to it as "No Such Agency." And, up until recently, very few journalists had any idea what was going on behind the reflective windows of its headquarters in Fort Meade, Md But after former contractor Edward Snowden laid bare some of the NSA's most carefully guarded secrets, the agency has been forced to come out of its cave and embrace the limelight. In the past few months it has done so more than ever before, albeit a bit reluctantly. See also: Why None of the NSA's Ideas Are Worth Spreading The agency's spokespeople have released statements, officials have granted interviews and some journalists have been allowed to visit its headquarters and film inside its offices. Heck, the NSA's deputy director even spoke at TED. Read more...More about Media, Public Relations, Privacy, Social Media Privacy, and Surveillance

The Mashable Events Board is a great place to find leading conferences in your industry, whether it's advertising, technology, media or public relations. This week, we're highlighting five events that we think can help move your career forward, from those in New York to California. If you don't find something that's right for you, check out more than 60 events featured in our complete listing. Read more...On the Events Board, you can sort listings by date added, get discount codes as a Mashable reader and watch videos of past events to get previews of what to expect. You can also follow @MashableEvents on Twitter to catch the best events before they sell out. More about Events, Public Relations, Social Media, Business, and Jobs

At small businesses both old and new, many hats are worn behind the scenes. Press outreach is handled by an owner or manager rather than being outsourced to an experienced firm. To complicate things, PR strategies vary based on location and industry — choosing the best media outlet to approach is just half the battle. It's no surprise many small businesses find themselves in the dark. But, getting press has powerful potential — the chance to get your product or service in front of people who may not only like it, but need it. Being coy with your offerings isn't only bad for business; it's unfair to people in your market who may be hoping to find something just like you. Read more...More about Pr, Small Business, Press, Pitching, and Business

Pete Soderling is a software engineer and serial entrepreneur and is the founder of Hakka Group. He spends time building and advising startups internationally, and blogs at PeteSoder.com. You can reach him on Twitter at @PeteSoder. This blog post originally appeared here. During my years as a software engineer, I’ve discovered that most of us tend to have a certain amount of distrust when it comes to the world of sales and marketing. Engineers like accuracy, real value and nonemotional arguments. I’m not here to critique an entire industry, but let’s just agree to admit that occasionally the marketing world “over-markets” the benefits of a particular product, trumps up its value and ingeniously plays off a consumer’s emotions — successfully closing the deal and leaving the buyer with an inferior, or at the very least unnecessary, product that he or she later comes to regret purchasing. Read more...More about Public Relations, Engineering, Job Hunt, Job Recruiting, and Marketing

Social media is a blessing and a curse when it comes to pitching journalists. While Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Foursquare and Instagram — yes, Foursquare and Instagram pitches happen — present many new opportunities to forge connections, it's very easy to step onto inappropriate turf. Because the dos and don'ts of reaching out via social media can be messy, we compiled some solid rules for when it's cool and when it's creepy to contact a journalist. Here are 10 tips on how to pitch a journalist on social media, largely based on the experiences of Mashable's editorial team See also: What the World’s Biggest Websites Looked Like at Launch Read more...More about Media, Public Relations, Social Media, Pr, and Features

Looking to fill your calendar with exciting events in the social media sector? We've got your back. Below you'll find four exciting events handpicked from Mashable's Events Board, all of which will propel your business forward in the digital space. Check out this assortment of business conferences and exhibitions, where you'll have a chance to learn about fresh innovations in social media. These events will help you reach your target audience on the front end, the back end and on their social feeds. If you're looking for events in business, marketing and advertising, visit the Events Board to learn about networking opportunities, meetings and expos that will give you a chance to learn and network with the pros in your industry. We add new listings daily, so be sure to check back for events in your industry and in your area. Read more...More about Advertising, Events, Marketing, Social Media, and Pr

Looking to fill your calendar with exciting events in the social media sector? We've got your back. Below you'll find four exciting events handpicked from Mashable's Events Board, all of which will propel your business forward in the digital space. Check out this assortment of business conferences and exhibitions, where you'll have a chance to learn about fresh innovations in social media. These events will help you reach your target audience on the front end, the back end and on their social feeds. If you're looking for events in business, marketing and advertising, visit the Events Board to learn about networking opportunities, meetings and expos that will give you a chance to learn and network with the pros in your industry. We add new listings daily, so be sure to check back for events in your industry and in your area. Read more...More about Advertising, Events, Marketing, Social Media, and Pr

A New Jersey public relations firm has embraced the "Call Me Maybe" voice-dub trend by posting a choreographed video to YouTube — as a part of an effort to look for job candidates. The catchy song from Carly Rae Jepsen has been endlessly covered over the past few weeks, but this is the first time we've seen a business use the hit song to reach job applicants Litzky Public Relations, a boutique PR agency in Hoboken, New Jersey, aims to attract young staffers with pop culture and social media knowledge. "With two open positions and tons of recent grads entering the job market, Litzky PR wanted to connect with potential candidates in a unique, engaging format that allowed our agency to stand out from the crowd," Michele Litzky, president and founder of Litzky Public Relations, told Mashable. Read more...More about Youtube, Music, Public Relations, Entertainment, and Social Media

Public relations is rapidly changing to keep up with the rapid pace of social mediaPR is no longer a siloed function or an afterthought; smart organizations are using new PR tactics to grow their businesses, better connect with users and increase their brand equity At our biggest conference of the year, Mashable Connect, Mashable's SVP of marketing and communications Stacy Green will sit down with public relations leader Sarah Evans to discuss the current and future state of PR. Their conversation will explore the influence of individuals versus brands, hijacking online conversations for PR, the impact of social on the industry, and the latest trends shaping future PR Read more...More about Events, Pr, Conference, Trending, and Mashable Connect

For public figures, the digital age means one thing: a 24-7 rolling press conference. Think about it. We have around-the-clock cable news stations, social networks, newswires, bloggers, tweeters, and diggers. Everyone is in PR, and everyone needs a PR person That's exactly why anyone with even a foot in the public eye has to have someone who keeps tabs on their social image, particularly on Twitter. Twitter has been used to break stories, from former N.Y. Rep., Anthony Weiner's, uh, picture problems, to the death of Osama Bin Laden. It's fast, it's organic, and it has a way of letting the truth rise to the top Read more...More about Twitter, Public Relations, Marketing, Features, and Trending

By now, you have a robust profile on LinkedIn, you tweet several times a day with hashtags, you have a Facebook Page, several videos on YouTube, and you've even created several clever boards on Pinterest. You attend a handful of networking events every month, and you venture out to interesting events like SXSW a couple of times every year. But after all that, how do you build your social circle and influential contacts in key centers of influence? How do you maintain, nurture, and ideally, bridge the gap between relationship creation and relationship capitalization? How do you turn friends and followers into active, interested social currency. Read more...More about Networking, Marketing, Pr, Features, and Business

Often the most visible element of public relations, media relations is a tried-and-true tactic that can influence opinion, change behaviors, and generate new leads and sales. PR people have always built relationships with relevant journalists to pitch stories about clients. And as bloggers’ popularity increased, PR specialists began adding bloggers to their media lists in an attempt to secure product reviews, guest posts and other forms of editorial coverage. Industry insiders like to debate the merits of influence, but the truth is that virtually anyone has the opportunity to shape perceptions by creating and sharing content online. Read more...More about Youtube, Facebook, Public Relations, Ustream, and How To

It’s a week before launch and you’re hoping to score some awesome traffic from a well-known publication. Here is what usually happens: You send a PR release to a bunch of publications, you pay big bucks for PR agency representation, you tweet the day of the launch, and you hope your story gets picked up Be honest — how well did this approach work for you the last time you tried it? Lots of effort, but my guess is you were probably disappointed with the return. Instead, approach reporter interactions as you would an actual relationship. 1. Date Before You Pitch Most of us decide to pitch journalists right before a product launch launch or announcement, shooting out a press release and hoping to score great articles. This is the worst thing you can do. Don't expect to pitch someone who doesn’t know you or your product, in the hopes that person will understand the story and details just right — all in a few days Read more...More about Media, Marketing, How To, Pr, and Features

In the wake of another celebrity social media meltdown this week, the question "where is his publicist?" has appeared from commenters in almost every article on the topic. Let me start by stating this is not a gossip column, nor an attempt to cover content outside of social mediaTwitter, as well as any other form of social media is vital for celebrities and brands. Chris Brown is not the first of either to make a public mistake online, as the photo gallery below will attest. Whether you love or hate the guy, the real question here is: how do you recover from that level of damage on social media? Read more...More about Twitter, Public Relations, Features, Crisis Management, and Ashton Kutcher

In 2012, Social Media will move beyond growth to saturation. This means that digital public relations is changing quickly. Recently, I had an opportunity to speak about the opportunities and trends in digital public relations at the PR News Digital Summit. Here's a quick look at what I think social media saturation and mobile growth mean for public relations this year. 1. Beyond the Second Screen: 24 Hours of Screens According to Comscore’s recent social media study, the social media category as a whole is on the cusp of becoming the dominant form of online content; it accounted for 16.6% of Internet time in 2011. And this year it is expected to surpass portals as the most engaging online activity. Engagement is the key word there. Read more...More about Digital, Pr, Business, and Marketing

If an individual or activist group broke into an organization’s office, raided confidential materials and then burned the building to the ground, local, state and federal officials would have swarmed the crime scene in an all out effort to bring the perpetrators to justice for an act of terrorism. Meanwhile, savvy online audiences and members of the media almost dismissively refer to the online versions of these raiders as “hacktivists,” conjuring up images of harmless school kids having fun pushing the boundaries of online security. As we saw this morning with the Susan G. Komen Foundation website hack -– and again as “Anonymous Brazil” signaled they had successfully “taken down” the website of Brazil’s largest state bank — these groups are anything but harmlessOne study from 2011 identified the average financial impact of these types of breaches to be just north of $7 million per incident. Read more...More about Public Relations, Marketing, Web Development, Features, and Business

If the past year has taught us anything about reputation management in the social age, it's that the past year has not taught us anything. Time and time again in 2011, the same missteps and misunderstandings lead to the same predictably painful reputational outcomes for individuals, brands and organizations Despite widely discussed and accepted social media best practices, many of the most significant crisis poster children of 2011 failed to deploy the basic digital tactics necessary to cauterize potential threats before they metastasized into full-blown reputational disasters Some may be tempted to fault the dizzying speed of digital change for the current sad state of crisis preparedness, but the reality is that the basic rules of effective communications have not changed for generations Read more...More about Twitter, Public Relations, Features, Crisis, and Crisis Management

If you've ever sent a tweet about PfcBradley Manning you can safely assume someone working for the Army's public affairs department took notice Manning, who is charged with being a source for WikiLeaks in 2010, had a hearing last month The public affairs department for the U.S. Army enlisted the help of Vocus, a public relations web tool that allows companies to monitor news and social media chatter by using keywords An Army Vocus report obtained by POLITICO says that most of the coverage of Manning is "negative," however, "the majority of the coverage about the hearing remains balanced and factual.” The report found "1,045 social media conversations about the hearing." Read more...More about Public Relations, Social Media, Bradley Manning, Facebook, and Twitter

It takes years to build a good reputation, but seconds to damage it beyond repair, as executives at companies from Dell to Domino’s certainly have found out This was a sentiment echoed by executives at the Senior Corporate Communication Management Conference in New York when discussing social media and corporate reputation and how to embrace the new reality of immediate communications When you consider the sheer volume of earned media, or word of mouth generated on the Internet each and every day, it is clear that “controlling” messaging is no longer an option for large companies, who, for many years, have been in the driver’s seat when it comes to their own reputation. Read more...More about Marketing, Social Media, Pr, Branding, and Features

Today's news is a multimedia spectacle. Advertising, marketing, public relations and interactive disciplines collide and overlap daily — sometimes fighting over who owns the space, other times bringing alternative perspectives to the table to create stronger programs. This media fusion may be obvious to us, but sometimes businesses struggle with how to use it to their greatest advantage Publishers: Media, Agencies, Clients, People: When everyone with a smartphone is a reporter and anyone with Internet access is a publisher, it is clear that we are the media. The fusion between audience and author plays out in virtually every story we experience Formats: Text, Graphic, Photo, Audio and Video: Communicators can no longer publish content in one medium alone. These other mediums are as strategic and essential as the written word. As Apple said in its recent ad: "Now, we can watch a newspaper, listen to a magazine." Disciplines: Public Relations, Marketing, Interactive and Advertising: Does a company’s Facebook Page involve marketing, advertising, interactive or public relations? All four, of course. Read more... More about Media, Public Relations, Marketing, Features, and Multimedia

PayPal is taking an online beating after allegedly shutting down an account for a charitable gift buying program run by the popular "craft fail blog," Regretsy. Regretsy was organizing a holiday gift exchange in which its readers could buy toys for about 200 underprivileged children, selected from applications. The payments company, according to a Regretsy blog post, first froze the account due to a supposed misuse of the "Donate" payment button. The blog was told that it had to be a nonprofit in order to use the button. It isn't, so it then attempted to collect money for toys by using a regular payment button and allowed the buyers to send purchased gifts to the 200 children Read more...More about Public Relations, Paypal, Business, and Regretsy

You’ve mastered the pitch, and you’ve already networked with a few reporters at Web 2.0. But before you hop on the interview call, make sure to avoid common pitfalls guaranteed to derail even the most seasoned spokespeople. Here are five mistakes that top the list. 1. Quoting the Press Release Ever taken an interview in which the reporter asks, “Tell me about your company,” and found yourself regurgitating the press release? The interview is an opportunity to offer fresh perspective, not become a tour guide to something already written Before your quotability takes a nosedive, try moving beyond the what and sharing why you started the company, or how your team is solving a problem. People love a good backstory too. Or talk about your company’s overarching goals, like delivering premium customer service similar to Rackspace or Zappos. Whatever direction you choose, don’t skimp on the details Read more...More about Media, Marketing, Pr, Features, and Interviews

'Tis the season to plan your 2012 event strategy. Here are 10 quick tips to help make event marketing work for your brand, strategy and your bottom line. 1. Don’t Reinvent (Or Compete with) the Wheel If a non-competitive brand plans to host an event, consider partnering with that company instead of trying to one-up it. Even if your brand is a long-standing household name, you’ll likely tap a new community. A solo attempt to appeal to that company’s audience would be challenging and, without help, risky. The fee you would incur to sponsor the event would replace the money you would spend to solicit attendees on your own — with a smaller personal task list and headache Read more...More about Events, Marketing, Pr, Features, and Event Planning

It can be challenging for unknown startups to garner press attention — budgets are tight, relationships with journalists may not be that strong and explaining a new concept is difficult. Not to mention, early-stage startups usually only employ a few people focused on product and development. Therefore, marketing and public relations are often tackled piecemeal by whomever has time. Good press, though, can be one of the biggest drivers for startups looking to grow their user bases, and as a result, a pretty important component for success. As a tech journalist, I've been pitched by hundreds of companies and have developed a taste for what works and what doesn't. Read on for my startup tips. Read more...More about Startup, Marketing, Pr, Features, and Press