Amazon's 2013 e-commerce sales totaled more than those of the nine other largest U.S. merchants, combined, according to data from Internet Retailer, an e-commerce research firm. The online retail giant topped the charts at $67.9 billion — that's $49.6 billion more than the second-largest online retailer, Apple, which clocked in at $18.3 billion. Traditional big-box chains such as Walmart and Staples took third and fourth place, respectivelyNetflix, at no. 7, also cracked the top 10 with $4.4 billion. Dell came in at no. 10 with $3.6 billion. See also: A French Economics Book Is Dominating Amazon Right Now Read more...More about Online, Amazon, Netflix, Retail, and Sales

Office Depot become Wall Street's darling on Tuesday after the chain announced it plans to close 400 stores by the end of 2016. The retailer's stock price rose as much as 20% on the news and ended the day up 15.8%. The closures come after Office Depot took over former rival OfficeMax last October. At the time, the new Office Depot had 2,200 stores. The company ended 2013 with 1,900 retail stores, of which 1,082 were Office Depots and 818 were OfficeMax-branded locations. Office Depot plans to close 150 stores this year. The company also revised its estimates for full-year adjusted operating income and beat earnings estimates in its first quarter. Read more...More about Retail, Officemax, Business, Office Depot, and Staples



Amazon's 2013 e-commerce sales totaled more than those of the nine other largest U.S. merchants, combined, according to data from Internet Retailer, an e-commerce research firm. The online retail giant topped the charts at $67.9 billion — that's $49.6 billion more than the second-largest online retailer, Apple, which clocked in at $18.3 billion. Traditional big-box chains such as Walmart and Staples took third and fourth place, respectivelyNetflix, at no. 7, also cracked the top 10 with $4.4 billion. Dell came in at no. 10 with $3.6 billion. See also: A French Economics Book Is Dominating Amazon Right Now Read more...More about Online, Amazon, Netflix, Retail, and Sales

Office Depot become Wall Street's darling on Tuesday after the chain announced it plans to close 400 stores by the end of 2016. The retailer's stock price rose as much as 20% on the news and ended the day up 15.8%. The closures come after Office Depot took over former rival OfficeMax last October. At the time, the new Office Depot had 2,200 stores. The company ended 2013 with 1,900 retail stores, of which 1,082 were Office Depots and 818 were OfficeMax-branded locations. Office Depot plans to close 150 stores this year. The company also revised its estimates for full-year adjusted operating income and beat earnings estimates in its first quarter. Read more...More about Retail, Officemax, Business, Office Depot, and Staples

Angela Ahrendts, the former CEO of Burberry, will take over as Apple's new SVP of retail next week, the company announced during an earnings call on Wednesday. Apple first announced hiring Ahrendts to fill the role more than seven months ago. At the time, the company said she would join in the spring of 2014, though recent reports raised questions about whether her exit would be delayed to collect an additional bonus from Burberry. See also: Why Would the UK's Top-Paid CEO Leave for a Job at Apple? Ahrendts is credited with reviving Burberry's brand and rethinking the shopping experience online and offline, making the latter more technologically advanced as well Read more...More about Apple, Retail, Business, and Angela Ahrendts

If Admiral Ackbar had anything to say about Bang & Olufsen's new concept store in Midtown Manhattan, it would be, "It's a trap!" See also: Apple to Open First Store in Turkey That's because the high-end audio-visual company has designed its store as a lure. In the window are the shiny, seemingly affordable products from the company's sister brand, B&O PlayHeadphones, wireless speakers and earbuds are prominent ... and beckoning. The front of the Bang & Olufsen concept store features products from the B&O Play brand. Image: Mashable, Will Fenstermaker But that's just stage one. Once an interested passerby enters, Bang & Olufsen snares them with the second zone: a wall where beautiful high-end speakers appear out of nowhere. Individual sections of the wall revolve to beautifully reveal models, such as the BeoLab 18 and BeoLab 17, and — thanks to Wi-Fi — with no wires in sight. Read more...More about Retail, Luxury, Speakers, Luxury Brands, and Tech

The harsh winter weather is taking a toll on the U.S. economy, with companies such as Panera Bread and United Airlines reporting a hit to their bottom line. They have endured more than twice the average snowfall to date, as well as frigid temperatures that have not been seen in some locations in three decades. The result? Bad business and a suffering economy, according to earnings reports and other economic indicators. The net effect of the cold and snow has been a widespread case of cabin fever, which means people are eating out less, shopping less and spending less money. See also: Frigid Winter Locks Great Lakes in Ice Read more...More about Retail, Economy, Winter, Snow, and Us World

On New Years Day, Colorado became the first state to legalize the sale of recreational marijuana. The new legislation has provoked a Denver-bound flood of "Ganjapreneurs" and kickstarted what is sure to be a very profitable pot tourism trade Yet the business is far less hippie and far more button-down than it appears The Colorado state government enforces the sale of marijuana with a set of regulations (500 pages in all) designed to shut out the black market. For one, it stipulates digital tracking of marijuana plants from seed to sale, using radio frequency identification (RFID) technology The cannabis industry is generally eager to comply with even the most stringent government regulations, thereby proving the marijuana market can be both lucrative and legitimate. However, implementation problems have slowed the retail pot business's anticipated boom Read more...More about Law, Features, Business, Retail, and Tech

Marc Jacobs will open the doors to his Daisy fragrance pop-up store in Manhattan on Friday, but unlike other retail locations, no money will be exchanged. Instead, you can walk out with products in exchange for sending tweets, Instagram photos and Facebook posts Called the Daisy Marc Jacobs Tweet Shop, located in New York City's SoHo neighborhood, the concept store is embracing "social currency." By snapping photos and posting messages with the hashtag #MJDaisyChain, visitors are awarded with Marc Jacobs-branded gifts when exiting the store. This ranges from perfume and necklaces to even purses (the best Instagram photo of the day will win a handbag). Each visitor then visits the front counter to receive a gift Read more...More about Mobile, Social Media, Retail, Marc Jacobs, and Business

The online retail game is not an easy one to win, but new research and analysis might help cast a light on the glaring problems causing your site to lose sales and customers. Collecting user feedback and complaints from 400 websites over three years, Qubit has narrowed its findings to 10 main problem areas. The results paint a picture of a consumer with much higher expectations for retail websites and their user-friendliness. See also: 10 Ways to Boost Sales on Your Ecommerce Website Based on Qubit's research, here are the top 10 complaints that online shoppers have about their retail sites of choice. Read more...More about Online Shopping, Features, Business, Retail, and Online Retailers

Deciding on makeup products can be a trying task: Women try on different shades, remove them and then repeat the process all over again. But a new 3D augmented-reality technology aims to make color testing much easier. At the 2014 International CES in Las Vegas, facial-recognition company ModiFace launched its 3D Augmented-Reality Makeup and Anti-Aging Mirror, which simulates makeup products, and shows you how they’d look on your face in real-time — without having to upload a photo. Beauty items include blush, eye shadow and anti-wrinkle cream. See also: 13 Tech Products That Stood Out in 2013 Read more...More about Mobile, Retail, Tech, Ces, and Marketing

In a setback for Amazon, the United States Supreme Court has passed on considering a challenge by the retailer to a New York state law that would net the state millions in sales tax from residents who made online purchases. Amazon and Overstock.com asked the Supreme Court to look into a 2008 New York state law that asserted state governments have the authority to collect taxes for purchases made from out-of-state online retailers. The decision, which comes on Cyber Monday, may be the death blow for tax-free online shopping See also: Cyber Monday Deals You Can't Miss Congress is also considering legislation aimed at making it easier for state governments to collect such sales taxes. (The bill would exempt online merchants with less than $500,000 in annual sales.) The legislation, known as the Marketplace Fairness Act, sailed through the Senate in May but separate, similar legislation is still pending in the House. Read more...More about Amazon, New York State, Retail, Supreme Court, and Business

Zagging while other retailers zig, outdoor clothing brand Patagonia is urging shoppers to keep and repair their old clothes rather than buy new ones this Black Friday. Instead of trumpeting deals on the day after Thanksgiving, Patagonia will show a short film at select retail locations in the United States called "Worn Wear" that features customers who have held on to their Patagonia duds for a long, long time. (Watch a teaser for the film, above.) Patagonia has also partnered with peer-edited repair site iFixit for the push See also: Amazon's 7 Best Black Friday Deals The effort coincides with Buy Nothing Day, an anti-consumerism holiday held on Black Friday that was established by Adbusters in 1992. But it's not entirely philanthropic: Patagonia is selling a $30 "Expedition Sewing Kit" for shoppers who want to repair their old Patagonia wear Read more...More about Marketing, Retail, Black Friday, Business, and Patagonia

If you're looking on Amazon for holiday deals this year, Black Friday now begins Sunday, Nov. 24. Amazon just released some of its biggest deals for this year's Black Friday, including several HDTV deals and Google Chromecast. However, Amazon isn't making the Black Friday decision process easy, releasing new deals every 10 minutes starting on Sunday and lasting through Cyber Monday — a full eight days. You might want to get some friends together to tag team it this year See also: 7 Deal Aggregators for Holiday Shoppers To keep track of special offers, sign up for the company's Daily Deals email newsletter, check out the Gold Box for extra sales and follow @amazondeals on Twitter for as-it-happens news. If you really can't wait, you can head over to Amazon's Black Friday Countdown Sale to start your shopping now Read more...More about Amazon, Online Shopping, Features, Retail, and Holiday Shopping

The Launchpad is a series that introduces Mashable readers to compelling startups. If you would like to have your startup considered for inclusion, please see the details here. Jonathan Wall's first attempt to tackle the offline payment experience didn't go exactly as he had hoped. Wall (above left) was one of two founding engineers behind Google Wallet, a mobile payment platform that launched in 2011 and promised to let users tap and pay for items in stores. Google Wallet initially struggled to gain widespread adoption due to the reluctance of carriers and businesses to embrace the NFC technology that Wallet depended on. For Wall, however, there was an even more basic problem: the Google Wallet team turned its focus to the wrong thing. Read more...More about Startups, Retail, Eric Schmidt, Google Wallet, and Business

It was three years before Warby Parker, a startup that began selling stylish prescription lenses online in 2010, opened up its first physical store in New York City's SoHo district. It took Harry's, the shaving products company launched by Warby Parker cofounder Jeff Raider earlier this year, just seven months. On Monday, Harry's — which specializes in low-priced ($10 to $25) razors and grooming kits for men — is opening a full-service barbershop called The Corner Shop at 64 MacDougal St., just five blocks away from Warby Parker's flagship location. The Corner Shop offers visitors a haircut ($35) or shave ($30) in one of two barber chairs, as well as products from Harry's and from third-party brands recommended by the shop's two veteran barbers. Read more...More about Marketing, Retail, Business, Warby Parker, and Barbershop

It was only a matter of time: True&Co, a retail site that helps shoppers find perfect-fitting bras "via algorithm," announced Monday that it is launching its own label. The new private collection, called She Walks in Beauty (+Light), is now among the hundreds of intimate-apparel products offered to shoppers. Designed by new creative director Nikki Dekker, the collection features 10 pieces, including bras, panties and silk separates in black, nude and mint hues. Prices range from $22 to $88. See also: 11 Startups Reshaping NYC’s Fashion Industry The 2-year-old company based in San Francisco has distinguished itself through a unique selling model designed to help women find better-fitting bras without having to take a tape measurer to their busts Read more...More about Startups, Retail, Ecommerce, Apparel, and Business

From BaubleBar and Everlane to Indochino and Warby Parker, online-native apparel and accessories brands have taken to pop-up stores as a way to reach new customers and forge deeper connections with existing ones. On Thursday, Rent the Runway joined the pack, unveiling an impressive showroom installation at the storied Henri Bendel department store at 712 Fifth Avenue in New York. From 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. from Monday to Saturday (and noon to 7 p.m. on Sundays), shoppers can examine a selection of dresses and accessories from the company's 175 brands, which include Badgley Mischka and Vera Wang. Typically, a customer rents a dress for a special occasion, like a wedding, from renttherunway.com; to increase the chances it will fit, the company sends the dress in two sizes, which the customer returns in either a four- or eight-day window. The benefit of the Hendri Bendel showroom is the ability to test fit first-hand: Customers will be able to try on a wide array of dresses and accessories, which they can rent on a number of future occasions. Read more...More about Retail, Rent The Runway, Business, Marketing, and Startups

Amazon announced Thursday that it's expanding wine delivery to four more states: New York, Michigan, Arizona and Louisiana. That brings the total to 20 states — Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Idaho, Illinois, Iowa, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan, Nebraska, Nevada, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, South Carolina, Texas, Washington and Wyoming — plus the District of Columbia. Shipping costs a flat $9.99 for up to six bottles of the same wine. There are no free or reduced shipping options for Amazon Prime members. See also: 5 Excellent Productivity Tools for Remote Workers Amazon relaunched its wine marketplace 11 months ago, offering a little more than 1,000 wines for delivery in 12 states. Today, the marketplace offers more than 5,000 wines from 700 merchants. Four-fifths of those wines are from American wineries; the remaining fifth have been sourced from regions in France, Italy and Australia, among international locales. Read more...More about Amazon, Retail, Ecommerce, Business, and Marketing

Picture this: You're waiting in line when a video display in the checkout aisle begins showing an ad tailored just for you. Or rather, it's targeted at your particular age and sex. That's the vision behind "smart shelves" that Mondelēz International (née Kraft), maker of Oreo, Ritz crackers, Wheat Thins and other snacks, has in mind for 2015. The shelves, which would be placed in the checkout aisle and near snacks, employ sensors to get a read on basic demographic information about the shopper. See also: 7 Innovative Ways the iPad Is Used in Retail "Knowing that a consumer is showing interest in the product gives us the opportunity to engage with them in real-time,” Mondelēz CIO Mark Dajani told The Wall Street Journal. “When people walk by, it’s a missed opportunity. We must know how the consumer behaves in the store.” Read more...More about Retail, Business, Mondelez, and Smart Shelves

Everlane, which built its business by offering beautiful basics like t-shirts and denim-and-leather backpacks for less than $100, is about to test customers' appetites for higher-end — and higher-priced — products. The company unveiled a collection of simple, luxe leather totes in three sizes on Tuesday. The smallest, called the Magazine, costs $325 (pictured below, top left), the Market costs $365 (below right) and the largest, Portfolio, costs $425 (bottom center). They come in three colors: black, brown and a a lighter brown called kiwi. Created in Italian factories, the totes are made out of Italian leather, and include adjustable straps and four metal studs on the bottom. The interior, lined with ultra suede, features two deep inside pockets. Some of the totes bear a small Everlane logo at the bottom; others are devoid of branding. Read more...More about Fashion, Retail, Business, Startups, and Everlane

In a surprise move, Apple announced Tuesday that it had hired Angela Ahrendts, the chief executive credited with turning Burberry around, as senior vice president of retail and online stores — a newly created position. Burberry, in an equally surprising and more unconventional move, announced that its chief creative officer, Christopher Bailey, will be adding Ahrendts' duties as CEO. The hire is a huge coup for Apple: Ahrendts, 53, is arguably the most coveted CEO in fashion — and the best-paid CEO in the UK. Since taking over the helm of the company seven years ago, annual revenue has grown to nearly $3.2 billion, up more than 250% from 2006. The price of Burberry's stock has risen even further, up 300% since her arrival to about $1,600 per share Read more...More about Apple, Retail, Ecommerce, Burberry, and Business

The next time you buy a pair of shoes online, you may have more choice than paying with your Visa or PayPal — you may also be able to pay using Amazon. That's what Amazon is hoping, anyways. The retail giant announced Tuesday a new service called "Login and Pay with Amazon." The service, where enabled, will allow shoppers to check out at third-party retail websites by using the payment information they have stored on Amazon (think of it as Facebook Connect for shopping). It's designed to make checking out more streamlined and secure: Shoppers won't have to enter their payment information during checkout, and they won't have to store that information at an additional site. Read more...More about Amazon, Paypal, Retail, Ecommerce, and Business

Online sales are still growing in the UK — but sales from desktop computers are not Rather, tablets and smartphones are responsible for the 15% increase in online sales UK retailers saw in the first half of the year, according to data from Interactive Media in Retail Group (IMRG) and Capgemini (via eMarketer). Tablets — which account for most (85%) of mobile sales — grew 130%, while smartphone sales jumped 210% year-over-year. According to IMRG and Capgemini's estimates, tablets and smartphones now account for nearly a quarter (23.2%) of total online sales in the UK. SEE ALSO: Mobile to Account for 25% of U.S. Online Sales by 2017 Read more...More about Uk, Retail, Ecommerce, Business, and Marketing

Personalized shopping is changing the way we find, buy and recommend products to our friends already. But from a business point of view, what's going to capture shoppers' attention next? See also: 5 Surprising Places Where Ecommerce Is Taking Off We asked 10 founders to share what they think the future of personalized shopping holds (ecommerce entrepreneurs, listen up!). Here's what they had to say: 1. Custom Everything Clothes, shoes, glasses and just about everything we thought would never move fully online will all be online. The reason is simple: why leave the comfort of your own home when you can get something custom made to your exact size for less? I believe this is the future. Read more...More about Shopping, Startups, Features, Retail, and Ecommerce

The Launchpad is a series that introduces Mashable readers to compelling startups. If you would like to have your startup considered for inclusion, please see the details here. Name: Shopular One-Liner Pitch: Shopular notifies users about deals at nearby retail stores based on their interests and current location. Why It's Taking Off: The startup is trying to use mobile to help drive traffic and sales to bricks-and-mortar retailers, rather than drive traffic away. Mobile is still a dirty word for many retailers who worry that apps only allow for showrooming, but one startup hopes to use mobile to drive more traffic and sales to retail stores Read more...More about Apps, Shopping, Retail, Business, and Startups

What characterizes a market that's primed for ecommerce growth? It's not a country's population size, income per capita, nor even the amount its residents are spending on retail goods every year — though those all play a role. Rather, a complex variety of factors signal immediate to near-term ecommerce opportunity in a given region, a new study from Forrester Research shows. Take South Korea for example, which ranked fourth on Forrester's list of countries positioned for ecommerce expansion. Compared to others on the list, it has a fairly average income per capita of $22,000. But its consumers are ready to spend: It ranked third on the number of debit/credit cards per capita, fourth in market activity and intensity (stock values relative to GDP), and has a tech-savvy population. Government support is another positive indicator: The country has been regulating the growth of discount megastores, banning for example free shuttle services to shoppers in remote areas, which opens the way for smaller ecommerce businesses. Read more...More about China, Retail, Ecommerce, South Korea, and Business

On Tuesday, Twitter announced that it has hired its first head of commerce, former Ticketmaster President Nathan Hubbard, a sign that the microblogging network is looking to lure more retailers to its advertising platform by improving purchase conversions. In an interview with Mashable, Hubbard said Twitter is looking to make shopping from Twitter more efficient: Instead of clicking on a link to purchase, say, an e-book or a sweater, users could complete a transaction without leaving Twitter.com. Twitter won't handle the payments part itself — the company is planning to leave that to (as yet unnamed) partners. Read more...More about Twitter, Commerce, Retail, Ecommerce, and Business