RSS reader Feedly has been hit with a second round of cyberattacks and has pulled its service while it works on a fix, the company confirmed on Thursday. In a blog post on Feedly's website, the company said it is "currently being targeted by a second DDoS attack and are working with our service providers to mitigate the issue." See also: The Heartbleed Hit List: The Passwords You Need to Change Right Now The news comes just one day after the site — along with popular note-taking app Evernote — were subject to a major attack. Although Feedly said all user data is safe, hackers demanded ransom to get the site back online. Read more...More about Security, Feedly, Hackers, Tech, and Apps Software

UPDATE, June 11, 2 p.m. ET: TweetDeck confirmed that its services are back on for all users. A 19-year-old Austrian Twitter user said he discovered the vulnerability by accident. We've verified our security fix and have turned TweetDeck services back on for all users. Sorry for any inconvenience. — TweetDeck (@TweetDeck) June 11, 2014 Our original story appears below. TweetDeck disabled access to its popular web app on Wednesday after releasing a statement that the service was the subject of a XSS ("cross-site scripting") security vulnerability that could allow hackers to gain access to users' accounts. Read more...More about Twitter, Security, Tweetdeck, Google Chrome, and Tech

Popular note-taking app Evernote and RSS reader Feedly have been hit with major cyberattacks as hackers demand ransom from the latter site to get it back online. Both Evernote and Feedly, two services that work together, confirmed they suffered DDoS (distributed denial of service) attacks, a type of cybercrime that kicks sites offline and is meant to disrupt usage (not steal user data). But Feedly, which is still down, detailed in a blog post that hackers are holding the site up for ransom. It's unknown as of now if the cyber criminals asked for ransom from Evernote too. See also: The Heartbleed Hit List: The Passwords You Need to Change Right Now Read more...More about Mobile, Apps, Security, Feedly, and Evernote

Two alleged Russian hackers have reportedly confessed to remotely hacking users' Apple devices and holding them for ransom. Authorities are holding a 17-year-old and 23-year-old from Moscow on accusations related to locking Apple devices and demanding payment for users to access them again, according to a Sydney Morning Herald report. See also: The Heartbleed Hit List: The Passwords You Need to Change Right Now The confession comes just weeks after news surfaced that various Apple device owners in Australia said their phones had been hacked and received an ominous message asking for $50 to be transferred to a PayPal account. Device owners said their "Find My iPhone" alarm started wailing at the same time, while the prompt said the hacking was done by "Oleg Pliss." Read more...More about Mobile, Security, Apple, Hackers, and Tech

While many smart home companies are likely gearing up to work with Apple's newly announced Home platform, others companies like Vivint want to revolutionize the home automation industry all on their own The Utah-based company launched a smart hub called Vivint Sky on Tuesday, which will let users control everything from the lights, thermostat and door locks to high-definition security cameras throughout the home — all from a smartphone, laptop or tablet. The catch, of course, is that you'll need Vivint-branded lights and thermostats for the hub to work, so you're out of luck if you're a Nest person. Read more...More about Mobile, Security, Apple, Small Business, and Tech

A new type of malware found on Android devices can take your mobile photos, videos and documents hostage and hold them for ransom. According to Ars Technica, and first discovered by Robert Lipovsky of antivirus provider Eset, a trojan called SimpleShocker is locking user's phones, encrypting their pictures and other content and demanding ransom for restoration. As of now, Android users in eastern Europe are the main target. See also: The Heartbleed Hit List: The Passwords You Need to Change Right Now In a screenshot posted to Sophos, a hacker is asking for 260 UAH (Ukraine Hryvnia), which is equal to $21, to unlock a device. After the transaction is made at a payment kiosk, the device will unlock within 24 hours. The message typically accuses the user of some type of crime too, such as downloading illegal software. Read more...More about Mobile, Security, Android, Malware, and Tech

Two months after the Heartbleed bug affected thousands of popular websites and services you might use every day, a related vulnerability has been discovered after hiding on the web for more than 16 years. The SSL/TLS MITM bug (a name not nearly as memorable or as catchy as Heartbleed), it's another issue with OpenSSL, the same open source set of libraries for encrypting online services that the Heartbleed bug exploited, according to researchers. See also: The Heartbleed Hit List: The Passwords You Need to Change Right Now "When Heartbleed arose, everyone talked about how to prevent similar bugs," researcher Masashi Kikuchi, who discovered the SSL/TLS MITM exploit, wrote in a blog post Read more...More about Security, Tech, Apps Software, Mobile, and Heartbleed

In early January, Micah Lee worried journalist Glenn Greenwald's computer would get hacked, perhaps by the NSA, perhaps by foreign spies. Greenwald was a target, and he was vulnerable. He was among the first to receive tens of thousands of top secret NSA documents from former contractor Edward Snowden, a scoop that eventually helped win the most recent Pulitzer prize. Though Greenwald took precautions to handle the NSA documents securely, his computer could still be hacked. "Glenn isn't a security person and he's not a huge computer nerd," Lee tells Mashable. "He is basically a normal computer user, and overall, normal computer users are vulnerable." Read more...More about Security, Features, Privacy, Tech, and Surveillance

Some Apple device owners in Australia were recently awoken in the middle of the night to a booming "Find My iPhone" alarm, along with a message that their devices had been hacked An ominous message appeared on various iPhones, iPads and Mac computers across various regions in Australia early Monday morning, urging owners to send $50 to a PayPal account to unlock hacked devices. The incident was first reported by The Sydney Morning Herald See also: The Heartbleed Hit List: The Passwords You Need to Change Right Now The prompt said the devices were hacked by "Oleg Pliss." A Google search for the name brought up a software engineer at Oracle, a banker in the Ukraine and others in Russia. It remains unclear at this point how the iOS devices were hacked, but affected users should update their iCloud passwords immediately. Read more...More about Mobile, Security, Iphone 5, Tech, and Apps Software

When eBay admitted Wednesday that it had been the victim of a cyberattack, the company asked all of its 145 million active users to change their passwords. But the intruders had access to a customer database that also included other personal information, including names, mailing addresses and dates of birth — data that can't so easily be changed. The good news is that eBay says that no financial or credit card information was compromised. Financial data was stored on separate systems, and eBay says there's no evidence that any PayPal data was compromised. The bad news is that the data that was compromised was still important. Read more...More about Ebay, Security, Cyber Attack, and Tech

eBay is the latest victim of a cyberattack — and if you are one of the 145 million users with an active account, or even one of the many millions more with inactive accounts, you may well be affected While eBay is urging users to update their passwords immediately (here's how to do that), many are left wondering what this means for their data and what they can do to keep it safe See also: How to Protect Yourself From the Heartbleed Bug The breach, which was confirmed by investigators this week, happened in late February and early March; eBay discovered it in early May. It seems hackers used an internal eBay corporate account to spy on usernames, email addresses, physical addresses, phone numbers and dates of birth. The hackers were able to access passwords — but they were in encrypted form, so it's unlikely they were compromised Read more...More about Ebay, Security, Paypal, Tech, and Mobile

EBay urged its users to update their passwords on Wednesday due a cyberattack that compromised its database, but only after an initial round of confusion when it posted cryptic messages about the incident and then quietly removed the messages soon after. Although the initial message was slim on details, the company has since posted a note to its official blog page saying it will ask its 145 million eBay users to change their passwords later on Wednesday See also: EBay's Massive Security Breach: What It Means for You "[We] will be asking eBay users to change their passwords because of a cyberattack that compromised a database containing encrypted passwords and other non-financial data," the message reads Read more...More about Ebay, Security, Paypal, and Tech

Google on Thursday announced a new partnership that will bring full scale encryption to Google Apps. Working with email data protection company Zix, Google has launched a new commercial product for Google Apps accounts dubbed Google Apps Message Encryption (GAME). See also: 8 Best Free Tools for Internet Security Although Google already supports secure, encrypted messages within its servers, email messages sent to other systems are not encrypted Organizations or users can use various workarounds to add PGP (public-key cryptography) to their messages, but those solutions are kludgy and not ideal for an organization with lots of users. Read more...More about Security, Gmail, Google Apps, Encryption, and Tech

Link-shortening and tracking tool Bitly is urging users to reset their passwords amid a security scare that surfaced late Thursday night. "We have reason to believe that Bitly account credentials have been compromised," Bitly CEO Mark Josephson said in an official blog post. "We have no indication at this time that any accounts have been accessed without permission." SEE ALSO: The Heartbleed Hit List: The Passwords You Need to Change Right Now The news comes just two months after Bitly suffered a distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack. As a precautionary measure, the service has disconnected all users’ Facebook and Twitter accounts that were synced to Bitly accounts. "All users can safely reconnect these accounts at their next login," he added. Read more...More about Security, Password, Marketing, Media, and Tech

There is a bug in iOS 7 that prevents email attachments from being encrypted on your device. The good news is, Apple's already working on a solution. An Apple spokesperson told iMore that Apple "is aware of the issue and are working on a fix which will be delivered in a future software update." See also: 10 Best iPhone Apps of 2013 The flaw was first reported by Andreas Kurtz, who noticed that he was able to access email attachments when accessing the iOS 7 file system without entering in a passcode This isn't supposed to happen because mail attachments are supposed to be protected by Apple's Data Protection technologies. Data Protection is supposed offer users "an additional layer of protection for your email messages attachments, and third-party applications." Read more...More about Security, Apple, Tech, Apps Software, and Mobile

The Wi-Fi video camera Dropcam is about to get even better. The company announced Tuesday that Dropcam Cloud Recording subscribers will receive a software update to support people detection. In other words, the software can tell the difference between your dog running across the room or a human walking through an open door. The company also announced its next hardware product, Dropcam Tabs, an add-on for Dropcam Pro. See also: 5 Can't-Miss Apps: LiveLens and More The Dropcam and Dropcam Pro consistently rate as some of Amazon's best-selling products in the Camera and Photo section, and the brand is Amazon's best-selling surveillance camera. Read more...More about Beacon, Security, Cameras, Dropcam, and Tech

Breathless reports of a new security flaw affecting OpenID and OAuth — the technology that powers the identity logins for services such as Facebook, Microsoft, Google and LinkedIn — hit the news Friday. Dubbed "Covert Redirect," the flaw could enable malicious sites or links to grab a user's login information. The announcement of Covert Redirect is straight out of Heartbleed's marketing manual, coming with both slick website and fancy logo. Coupled with the widespread usage of OAuth and the growing awareness of potential security threats, Covert Redirect certainly sounds bad See also: Heartbleed Exposes a Problem With Open Source, But It's Not What You Think Read more...More about Facebook, Security, Openid, Oauth, and Tech

Target, whose data breach late last year compromised the accounts of up to 110 million customers, has hired a new CIO who used to be a tech adviser for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. Bob DeRodes, who also advised the U.S. Secretary of Defense and the U.S. Department of Justice, starts on May 5. He will replace Beth Jacob, who left in March. The company is still looking for a chief information security officer and a chief compliance officer, according to Reuters See also: How to Check If Hackers Stole Your Data in Massive Target Breach In addition to shuffling its team, Target is planning to equip all its credit and debit cards with MasterCard's chip-and-PIN technology starting early next year. Read more...More about Security, Target, Hacks, and Business

How scary is the latest Internet Explorer security vulnerability? Even the U.S. government says not to use IE until the browser is fixed. The flaw, which affects Internet Explorer versions 6 and up, allows bad guys to gain complete access to a PC via a malicious website. Dubbed "Operation Clandestine Fox" by the security firm FireEye, the threat is real. And dangerous. See also: Internet Explorer Security Bug: How to Protect Yourself The U.S. Department of Homeland Security doesn't issue security alerts for computer software very often, but this time, it made an exception. Many agencies within the U.S. government use versions of IE. Read more...More about Microsoft, Security, Internet Explorer, Tech, and Apps Software

Poor Satya Nadella. The Microsoft CEO is facing what is sure to become a consumer sh*t storm: Security researchers discovered a major Internet Explorer vulnerability — a so-called “zero-day” attack — that affects all versions of Internet Explorer from 6 to 11. There will be a patch and it will protect everyone who downloads and installs. However, for the millions and millions of existing Windows XP users, there will never be a patch. Microsoft ended all support, including security updates, as of April 8. See also: Internet Explorer Security Bug: How to Protect Yourself Nadella didn’t make this choice, Microsoft set the end of life (EOL) date for Windows XP years ago and has been trying to shepherd users to newer versions of its desktop operating system for over a decade. Read more...More about Security, Internet Explorer, Windows Xp, Ie, and Tech

Microsoft over the weekend admitted to a huge vulnerability in Internet Explorer that allow hackers to set up malicious websites in order to gain complete access to visitors' PC, provided they visited the page with a IE (version 6 and up). From there, hackers could install apps, break into other accounts and generally use the computer as their own. In order to protect yourself from the flaw — dubbed "Operation Clandestine Fox" by security firm FireEye — the best thing you can do is stop using Internet Explorer until Microsoft patches it. Other browsers, such as Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox, don't have the problem, and you can export your bookmarks and other settings to those browsers very easily. Read more...More about Microsoft, Security, Internet Explorer, Ie, and Tech

Microsoft issued a security advisory on Saturday warning users of a vulnerability in its Internet Explorer web browser that could allow malicious "remote code execution." The vulnerability affects all versions of the browser and, as of this writing, there is no patch available to fix the issue See also: Windows XP Isn't Safe to Use Anymore. Here's What to Do Next. Revealing the vulnerability on its website, Microsoft stated: The vulnerability exists in the way that Internet Explorer accesses an object in memory that has been deleted or has not been properly allocated. The vulnerability may corrupt memory in a way that could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code in the context of the current user within Internet ExplorerAn attacker could host a specially crafted website that is designed to exploit this vulnerability through Internet Explorer and then convince a user to view the website. Read more...More about Microsoft, Security, Internet Explorer, Windows Xp, and Web Browser

Ten days after the Heartbleed bug was first revealed to the public, companies are scrambling to patch servers and update software. But the crisis isn't over. See also: The Heartbleed Hit List: The Passwords You Need to Change Right Now It's not enough for companies to simply patch the copy of OpenSSL — the software at the root of the Heartbleed bug. Companies must also revoke and reissue digital certificates for their Heartbleed-vulnerable sites. And the clock is ticking. The DL on digital certificates A digital certificate — often called an SSL certificate — is most commonly used by a web browser to validate that a web server is secure. The website applies for a certificate with a certification authority (CA) as a way to prove the site is who it says it is. This certificate shows that website X is connected with a specific name, email and DNS address, which helps "prove" its identity. Read more...More about Security, Ssl, Youtube, Tech, and Apps Software

For almost as long as we've had personal computers, I've been writing about their various vulnerabilities. Yet in all those years I'd never come across anything like Heartbleed — the Internet's first branded security hole Almost as soon as security firm Codenomicon publicized Heartbleed's existence, it was clear this was something different. Is Heartbleed the first Internet bug with its own Web site? http://t.co/M9u976X9ui Also, whither SSL? — Lance Ulanoff (@LanceUlanoff) April 9, 2014 Heartbleed.com was a revelation. First of all, the OpenSSL encryption bug had its own logo: the outline of a red heart, ominously dripping blood. It's simple, powerful and most importantly memorable. Codenomicon's Heartbleed FAQ was the clearest security information page I had ever come across. It did not read as if it was written by a company that busies itself testing SSL for the Tier 1 network providers. It was smart and comprehensive, yet utterly comprehensible Read more...More about Security, Tech, Apps Software, Heartbleed, and Heartbleed Bug

If you've ever hit "send" and regretted it, then DSTRUX is for you. DSTRUX, a seven-person New York startup, on Friday released a cloud-based technology by the same name that lets you send photos and documents that you can destroy remotely. For instance, if you sent a Word document to a friend via Gmail, you could give your friend 10 minutes to look at it before it dissolved. You could also prevent your friend from forwarding the document. In addition, DSTRUX makes it impossible for the recipient to take a screen capture of the image or document (support for video is a few months off) you sent. Nathan Hecht, CEO and founder of DSTRUX, says his company is working on using the PC's built-in camera to recognize objects like a phone on a camera that could take a picture of the screen as well. Hecht says that technology will be available this fall Read more...More about Security, Startups, Business, and Dstrux

It's not just websites that are vulnerable to Heartbleed. The OpenSSL encryption library at the heart of the massive Internet bug is in use other places, too — including network hardware such as routers and switches. Networking vendors Cisco, Juniper Networks, F5 Networks and Fortigate have all issued security alerts, disclosing that some of their products are affected by Heartbleed. See also: The Heartbleed Hit List: The Passwords You Need to Change Right Now Cisco and Juniper both acknowledge that a range of products, including routers, firewalls and switches, are affected. Although most of these products are focused on corporate environments, some more consumer-oriented products could also be at risk. Read more...More about Networking, Security, Routers, Tech, and Apps Software