ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. — A space-tourism company announced it has successfully completed the first small-scale test flight of a high-altitude balloon and capsule being developed to let tourists to float 20 miles above Earth. Tuscon-based World View Enterprises said Tuesday that it launched the flight last week from Roswell, New Mexico. See also: Will Commercial Space Travel Blast Off in 2014? Company CEO Jane Poynter said the system broke the world record for highest parafoil flight, lifting a payload to 120,000 feet. "It went really, really, really well," Poynter said. "Actually, the guys hit the ball out of the park. We're thrilled." Read more...More about Travel, Us, Space Tourism, Lifestyle, and Travel Leisure

It takes Mars almost twice as long as Earth to rotate around the Sun Tuesday marks 687 days — one full Martian year — since NASA's Curiosity rover touched down on the Red Planet's surface Plenty has happened over the 1.88 Earth years since the rover landed on Mars on Aug. 6, 2012. However, the biggest finding so far, according to Curiosity lead scientist John Grotzinger, is the discovery of an ancient riverbed, which the team stumbled across shortly after landing See also: How the Mars Curiosity Rover Works Nearby, at an area nicknamed Yellowknife Bay, the rover scooped up dirt samples that proved the lakebed once contained water and other essential elemental ingredients for life: carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, oxygen, phosphorus and sulfur. If Mars ever did have living organisms, Grotzinger says this location would have made for an excellent home Read more...More about Space, Mars, Curiosity, Us World, and Us

NASA's Mars Curiosity Rover has spent exactly one Martian year — 687 Earth days — on the Red Planet To celebrate the occasion, the rover took a very lonely selfie, with the barren Martian landscape in the background. The "selfie" is actually a composite of dozens of images taken in April and May 2014 by the Mars Hand Lens Imager, a camera located at the end of rover's robotic arm. See also: Curiosity Rover's First Photo of Earth From Mars According to NASA, the rover has accomplished the mission's main goal: determining whether Mars once offered conditions that could sustain life The rover used the camera at the end of its arm in April and May 2014 to take dozens of component images combined into a self-portrait where the rover drilled into a sandstone target called Windjana.Image: NASA/JPL-Caltech/MSSS Read more...More about Nasa, Mars, Us World, and Space

Humanity is closer to discovering extraterrestrial life than we ever expected — or, at least, life that shares a different origin than anything we know on Earth. Astrobiology isn't about chasing flying saucers, necessarily. Certainly, scientists search for origins of life on other planets, but astrobiology also uncovers new forms of Earth life we've never imagined before. The scientific tools to do so are advancing faster than ever, and as outer space travel increasingly becomes the domain of SpaceX and other private companies, NASA and foreign space agencies are focusing more resources on inner astrobiology Read more...More about Space, Nasa, Features, Science, and Policy

NASA is looking into the possibility of sending a quadcopter to explore Titan, the largest of Saturn's moons, according to the space agency. NASA agreed to put $100,000 toward a preliminary study of the aircraft. The quadcopter, also known as a quadrotor helicopter, would be carried by a giant balloon in order to travel quickly and unobtrusively to Titan's surface to study it. Larry Matthies, a senior research scientist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, submitted the proposal for funding in March. The study is expected to start in July, and wrap up by April 2015. See also: 6 Obscure NASA Sites Every Nerd Has to See Read more...More about Moon, Space Exploration, Us World, Titan, and Saturn

Italian coffee company Lavazza, engineering company Argotec and Italian space agency ASI are working together to bring espresso to the International Space Station. The collaborated to build a device called ISSpresso, which offers non-instant coffee inside the ISS for the first time. See also: 'Smoking Gun' Found for Universe's Big Bang Expansion While espresso in space might sound like an unnecessary luxury, Argotec’s managing director David Avino says it has positive psychological implications. "Food provides an important psychological support and being able to enjoy a good Italian espresso may be just the right way to finish off the menu designed especially for each astronaut, helping him or her to feel closer to home,” he said Read more...More about Space, Coffee, Iss, and Us World



If you see a dude in an old-school hockey mask chasing a werewolf (or vice versa) on Friday, here's why: Friday the 13th coincides with a full moon. Hide your kids. That said, only those living in Asia, Africa, Europe, South America — and those in the Eastern Time Zone — experienced the full moon on June 13. The full moon showed up at 12:11 a.m. ET, so anyone in time zone west of EDT saw the silver-dollar moon the day before, on June 12 See also: 10 Brilliant Photos of the Moon and Jupiter Friday the 13th hasn't fallen on the same day as a full Moon since Oct. 13, 2000, and it won't happen again until Aug. 13, 2049 — at least, if we're following Coordinated Universal Time (UTC), which is four hours ahead of EDT Read more...More about Us World, World, Space, Full Moon, and Friday The 13th

Sure, you can bend it like Beckham, but try scoring a goal in zero gravity. Astronauts Steve Swanson and Reid Wiseman and Alexander Gerst celebrated the start of the World Cup on Thursday in Brazil by kicking around a soccer ball aboard the International Space Station. But they might be rooting for different teams: Swanson and Wiseman are from the U.S., and Gerst is from Germany. See also: World Cup Stars: 20 Electrifying Players You Need to Know If the ISS enters the World Cup, it might need to consider a name change to Universe Cup. BONUS: The Complete Guide to World Cup Team Nicknames Read more... More about Viral Videos, Soccer, Space, 2014 World Cup Brazil, and Watercooler

Starting on June 10, the sun emitted a series of powerful solar flares, known as "X-Class" flares, which were observed in brilliant colors by NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory. The flares erupted from the left side of the sun, twice on June 10 and once on June 11, according to NASA. Wednesday's flare was classified as an X1.0, whereas Tuesday's flares were a bit stronger, at X1.5 and X2.2. According to NASA, "X-Class" flares are the most intense of all solar flares. An X2 flare is twice as intense as an X1, and an X3 is three times as intense as an X1 See also: These Are the Best Images Ever Taken of an X-Class Solar Flare Read more...More about Sun, Us World, Us, World, and Solar Flare

First, man walked on the moon. Then, there were tweets from space, YouTube videos from space, selfies from space and Instagrams from space. Now, at long last, we can feast our eyes on a Vine video from space See also: This Is the Richest, Most Colorful Picture of the Universe Ever NASA astronaut Reid Wiseman posted the first Vine video from the International Space Station on Friday. The six second looping video shows a single Earth orbit, which usually takes 92 minutes on the ISS — but it's just six seconds here. Wiseman explains in the Vine video's caption that the sun never sets in the footage because the space station is currently traveling parallel with the Earth's "terminator line" — the line which separates the day and night surfaces of the Earth Read more...More about Space, Vine, Watercooler, and Pics

Back in February, my mother and I were at the Sydney Opera House to share a moment seven years in the making. In a tented temporary theater just overlooking Sydney Harbor, we clutched each other’s hands tightly as we used to when I was a little girl growing up Ithaca, New York. I was about to see an early screening of the first episode of the television series my mother Ann Druyan spent almost a decade writing, producing and directing, Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey. It was conceived as a way to carry on the legacy of my late father, Carl Sagan, a continuation of the show they made together before I was born — a love letter to his memory. Read more...More about Tv, Carl Sagan, Us World, Us, and World

Gaze upon the vastness of creation, ye mighty, and despair. The Hubble telescope may be on its last legs — it's expected to cease functioning sometime between 2014 and 2020 — but for now, the trusty 24-year old orbital camera is still sending back scenes of unsurpassing beauty in the heavens. Such as this picture NASA released Tuesday, a photograph 11 years in the making: What are we looking at here? Some 10,000 galaxies. Light that goes back 12 billion years, almost all the way to the beginnings of the universe (take that, Creationists). And an image that, for the first time, stretches across the full spectrum of light, from infra-red to ultra-violet, catching what looks like just about every frequency in between Read more...More about Space, Nasa, Universe, Us World, and Hubble

Astronomers have discovered a new class of planet, an object with a hard surface similar to the surface of Earth but much bigger The Kepler-10c, as this planet is called, is about 560 light-years from Earth, where it orbits its star every 45 days See also: 'Smoking Gun' Found for Universe's Big Bang Expansion This gigantic planet weighs in at 17 times that of Earth, with a diameter 2.3 times larger than our planet, according to astronomers from the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics. One researcher went as far as to call it “the Godzilla of Earths.” Astronomers from the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics have discovered a new type of planet, dubbed 'Mega-Earth' because of its enormous sizeImage: Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics Read more...More about Space, Us World, Kepler, and Alien Planets

NASA’s new solar observatory caught a gigantic solar flare on video for the first time — and it's pretty amazing The coronal mass ejection (CME) was recorded by the Interface Region Imaging Spectrograph (IRIS)According to NASA, the eruption was the width of about five Earths and the height of about seven and a half Earths See also: Solar Flare Disrupts Communications on Earth A CME occurs when a burst of hot plasma from the sun’s surface causes the acceleration of particles to flow past the sun's corona or outer atmosphere and into space. The main goal of IRIS, which launched last year, is to understand how the solar atmosphere is energized. Read more...More about Sun, Nasa, Us World, and Space

Tesla, SpaceX, Solar City, the Hyperloop: entrepreneur Elon Musk is renowned for having more futuristic ideas than he knows what to do with. But what Musk unveiled Thursday night at SpaceX may yet rank as his greatest leap forward: the world's first commercial, reusable manned spacecraft. The Dragon V2, as it's known, looks a little like the LEM unit NASA used to use in Apollo missions. But this isn't your father's lunar lander, because of one feature designed to quicken the hearts of space geeks everywhere: it can land vertically back on Earth — using retro rockets to give it "the accuracy of a helicopter," Musk said. (And with parachutes as built-in back up, he hastily added). Read more...More about Elon Musk, Spacex, Us World, Spacex Dragon, and Space

YouTube education sensation the Khan Academy debuted a series of tutorials on astronomy and space exploration made in collaboration with NASA Thursday. The announcement at the fourth annual White House Science Fair made it clear that the new tutorials are meant to generate more interest in science, technology, engineering and math (also known as STEM) education. See also: What Is Citizen Science, and How Can You Get Involved? The tutorials on Khan Academy, a non-profit, educational website, are divided into three different sections. Each section is intended to acquaint the user with different aspects of space, and NASA's understanding and exploration of it — from teaching users about the different protocols NASA uses to explaining the challenges of Mars exploration. Read more...More about Space, Nasa, Khan Academy, Media, and Us World

After long days and late nights of hammering, molding and piecing together a massive comet in Brooklyn Bridge Park, designers and architects put the finishing touches on a 9-foot high, 12-foot long model of the very real 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko comet (C-G Comet) that will soon race by the sun. See also: 8 Astronomy Apps for Stargazers The International Rosetta Mission and the European Space Agency have been following the C-G comet's journey through space for the past 10 years. After a decade-long chase, the Rosetta satellite is finally landing on the mysterious comet, which is 9 miles high and 12 miles long, in August Read more...More about Space, Nasa, Design, Endmalaria, and Architecture

In their last days on Earth before launching to the International Space Station, astronauts sees the same thing: two rows of trees that punctuate the otherwise austere landscape outside the space launch facility in Baikonur, Russia The trees that outline the T-shaped path are mismatched in size, but that's for a reason. Each one was planted by an astronaut just before he or she launched to space, a tradition that Yuri Gagarin started 50 years ago when he planted the first tree just before he became the first human in space. His tree is the largest. See also: There's a Place in the Utah Desert Where People Pretend to Live on Mars Read more...More about Space, Nasa, Russia, Astronauts, and Us World

It's hard to imagine in this paranoiac age of electronic eavesdropping, data mining and myriad digital spying schemes by nefarious civilians, corporations and Big Brother government, but at one time the military actively fought against implementing arguably the most important spy tech of all time — GPS. Not only did the military finally agree to build the GPS system, but "Tear down this wall!" President Ronald Reagan directed the Department of Defense to declassify it as well as actively aid and abet commercial GPS development. See also: The First Cellphone Went on Sale 30 Years Ago for $4,000 Read more...More about Gps, Geolocation, Location Based Service, Tech, and Gadgets

For the first time, NASA has agreed to work with a group of citizen scientists to resurrect a spacecraft the agency is no longer using and has no plans to use again. NASA announced that the agency has signed a Non-Reimbursable Space Act Agreement (NRSAA) with Skycorp, Inc., a space systems company based in Los Gatos, California, on Wednesday The NRSAA allows Skycorp, Inc., to attempt to communicate with and possibly control the International Sun-Earth Explorer-3 (ISEE-3) spacecraft. See also: Solar Flare Captured in Stunning NASA Video The ISEE-3 was launched in 1978 to study solar winds streaming to Earth — it completed this primary mission in 1981. NASA then redirected the spacecraft to observe comets with the remaining fuel and instruments. After completing that second mission, the ISEE-3 was put into orbit around the Sun. NASA ended the ISEE-3's second mission on May 5, 1997 and shut down the spacecraft Read more...More about Sun, Space, Nasa, Earth, and Spacecraft

Set your alarm clock. There could be a massive "meteor storm" early Saturday morning, which is when Earth will pass through a century-old dust trail left by comet 209P/LINEAR. Those debris particles will light up in Earth's atmosphere as a new meteor shower According to the the French astronomical organization IMCCE, the comet debris trails left in 1803 and 1924 both fall in Earth's path on Friday and Saturday, giving us even better chances of a spectacular display. See also: The Best Meteor Shower of the Year Might Happen on May 24 Regardless of the number of meteors observed, the consensus is that at least some kind of meteor shower will take place between 3 a.m. and 4 a.m. ET on Saturday. If you're lucky enough to live somewhere free of light pollution, you're probably in for a treat. But if you're stuck in a major metropolitan area, your chances of catching a shooting star are slim Read more...More about Space, Nasa, Meteor Shower, Us World, and Us

All the world's a selfie. It just took NASA's help to figure that out NASA created a mosaic of the globe from 36,422 selfies taken by people across the planet and released the image on Thursday. See also: Snowden Snaps a Selfie With Glenn Greenwald and Company On Earth Day this year, NASA asked people around the world to submit selfies on social media using the hashtag #GlobalSelfie and to answer the question, "Where are you on Earth right now?" People wrote their locations on sheets of paper and submitted photos via Twitter, Instagram, Flickr, Facebook and Google+ from 113 countries and regions. Read more...More about Space, Nasa, Earth Day, Us, and World

A European Space Agency satellite has found that Antarctica has been shedding ice at an accelerated pace compared to when the continent was last surveyed, backing up other research that has detected similar trends. The study, accepted for publication in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, comes one week after other studies claimed that the "collapse" of some glaciers in the West Antarctic Ice Sheet may be inevitable, due to manmade global warming and other factors. The new research, by a team of researchers in the U.K., used observations from the CryoSat-2 satellite to produce the first estimate of the volume and mass change of nearly the entire Antarctic ice sheet. The data used in the study included more than 455,000 independent estimates of changes in the land elevation of the vast ice sheets covering Antarctica, both in the western part of the continent, where ice is melting more rapidly, and in the east, where the ice is considered to be more stable, for the time being at least. Read more...More about Satellite, Global Warming, Antarctica, Us World, and Us

One Japanese sports drink company is full of overachievers. Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., wants to send its sports drink to the moon, and it's taking steps to do so: The company released a plan to launch a can of Pocari Sweat into space and onto the moon in 2015 See also: Man Arrested in Japan for Owning 3D-Printed Guns The sports drink, in powder form, will be placed inside a specially made titanium can known as the "Lunar Dream Capsule." With the help of Singapore-based Astroscale, a startup aimed at cleaning debris in space, the Pocari Sweat can is set to launch in October 2015. From the outside, the lunar time capsule will look like a typical can of Pocari Sweat. But looks can be deceiving: The titanium can will be built to withstand vibrations during launch and extreme conditions on the moon's surface with the help and protection of 70 inner components. Read more...More about Space, World, Japan, Moon, and Business

The privately funded Dragon spacecraft successfully splashed down in the Pacific Ocean Sunday afternoon, after leaving the International Space Station earlier in the morning. Dragon was released from the ISS' robotic arm at 9:26 a.m. ET, according to NASA, and made contact with the Pacific Ocean at 3:05 p.m. ET, 300 miles off the west coast of Baja California. See also: Robot Spacecraft Snaps Uranus Through Rings of Saturn Dragon developer SpaceX tweeted photos of the spacecraft leaving the ISS. Dragon was sent to resupply the space station, and bring other supplies home Dragon is released from the ISS! Departure burns 1&2 completepic.twitter.com/04vGDbQU02 — SpaceX (@SpaceX) May 18, 2014 Read more... More about Space, International Space Station, Spacex, Us World, and Spacex Dragon

A Russian rocket carrying the country's most advanced communications satellite exploded shortly after launch early Friday, Russian state media reports. Officials lost contact about nine minutes after the unmanned rocket took off from Baikonur, Kazakhstan. About 100 miles high, it veered off path and disintegrated in Earth's atmosphere. The Express-AM4P European-built satellite, which was destroyed, was reportedly worth $29 million. The rocket was insured for around $225 million See also: 15 Twitter Accounts Every Space Lover Should Follow Several Russian media covered the launch live, and many networks caught the launch on camera including RT. Read more...More about Space, Nasa, Russia, Us World, and World

Kids have some awesome ideas about what space really looks like. NASA asked students in grades K-12 in the Hampton Roads area of Virginia to imagine "colorful visions of bold astronauts, interplanetary space travel and roving robots" for the 2014 NASA Langley Research Center art contest. This year's theme was "The Future Is Now," and it asked young artists to explore how technology is bringing what was once thought to be fantasy into reality. In a word, their submissions are adorable. See also: 8 Facts About Space That Will Rock Your World From a colorful spacewalk to somewhat indecipherable sketches of spaceships and planets, these kids have wild imaginations when it comes to the future of space exploration. If these drawings are any indication, NASA's future is in great hands. Read more...More about Space, Nasa, Watercooler, Pics, and Drawings

The Russian government will reportedly deny requests from the United States to use the International Space Station after 2020, but NASA said it's not aware of any such changes In fact, it's business as usual on board the ISS, NASA told Mashable, as three astronauts — from the U.S., Japan and Russia — return to Earth on Tuesday evening. "Ongoing operations on the ISS continue on a normal basis with a planned return of crew tonight and expected launch of a new crew in the next few weeks," a NASA spokesperson said. "We have not received any official notification from the Government of Russia on any changes in our space cooperation at this point." Read more...More about Space, Nasa, Russia, Iss, and International Space Station

It was the video that made him famous, but it had to come down. Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield pulled his "Space Oddity" video from YouTube on Tuesday See also: Commander Hadfield's Top 5 Moments in Space The video, which had more than 22 million views before it was removed, was uploaded on May 12, 2013, and Hadfield only had permission to run it for one year However, Hadfield's son, Evan, told Mashable that they will try to revive the video in some form, though it's not guaranteed "We are working on getting it back up, but there are few promises with something as complicated as videos from space," Evan Hadfield said. Read more...More about Youtube, Space, Entertainment, Music, and Video

Cosmos' latest episode, "The Electric Boy," blends science with an aspirational tale by focusing on the man who figured out how to turn electrical currents into mechanical motion: Michael Farraday. Farraday wasn't technically a scientist when he made the amazing discovery. Born into poverty, Farraday didn't have the means to attain the scientific education he craved, but worked his way up to become lab assistant to influential chemist Humphrey Davy, who worked at London's Royal Institution It was there that Davy, as a joke, asked Farraday to figure out how to convert electricity into motion. Farraday went on to prove light's close relationship with electricity and magnetism, which provided the bedrock for much of our understanding of the universe today. Read more...More about Space, Photos, Nasa, Tweet, and Entertainment

Waiting for a delivery on Earth is a pain in itself, but factor in intergalactic travel and it's a whole other torment. All sorts of hijinks can happen when you're delivering to strange planets. Korean motion graphic studio Alfred Image Works' animated short Johnny Express centers on a particularly lazy package delivery man who runs into all sorts of problems during his route. While Johnny prefers to fill his day with sleep, his lackadaisical tendencies turn dangerous for the peaceful aliens who just wanted a package delivery. See also: 14 Stunning Photographs That Bridge Past and Present JohnnyExpress from AlfredImageworks on Vimeo. Read more...More about Reddit, Viral Videos, Space, Animation, and Film

Scientists and researchers have simulated a portion of the universe in a computer. The result, Illustris, is a slice of cosmos 350 million cubic light years in size, containing 41,416 modeled galaxies. See also: A Breathtaking Reminder of Earth's Minuscule Place in the Universe It’s impressive, but it’s nowhere close to the full picture. Our best guess puts the number of galaxies in the observable universe at more than 170 billion. Still, for these sample galaxies, Illustris manages to simulate 13 billion years of evolution in three minutes. It accurately defines their shapes, sizes and distribution of elements. Lead author Mark Vogelsberger, an assistant professor of physics at MIT, calls it a breakthrough of sorts. Read more...More about Universe, Tech, Apps Software, Simulation, and Space