Need inspiration for a stellar World Cup performance? How about having a lovely bride-to-be to be to cheer you on? That's the case for Kyle Beckerman, the dreaded U.S. Men's National Team midfielder currently tearing it up in the World Cup. Beckerman also serves as the team captain for Real Salt Lake, whose stadium served as the backdrop for the couple's memorable and sporty engagement photos. See also: 22 Funniest Twitter Reactions to the USA-Germany World Cup Match The cozy couple chose the spot in Sandy, Utah, called Rio Tinto Stadium, because it's where they first met in 2009. Bride-to-be Kate Pappas was holding cue cards for Beckerman while she was working on a music video with the team, according to saltlakebrideandgroom.com. Read more...More about Soccer, Pics, United States, Football, and Weddings

We heard your post-match snark today, Internet. We heard how you said only in soccer could a loss be a positive development, about how in good ol' American sports such preposterousness would never, ever stand Stop it It's time to get over your hangups, get behind this USMNT and hop fully aboard the World Cup bandwagon What a team to watch. Watch a team love. What team to support. After Thursday's nail-biting, stomach-churning, nerve-grating advancement through Group G into the knockout stage despite falling 1-0 to Germany, let's take stock of what we've seen over the past two weeks, America — and what might be still to come Read more...More about Soccer, World Cup, Entertainment, and Sports

It was raining cats and dogs in Recife, Brazil, during the USA-Germany World Cup match on Thursday. While the downpour made things difficult for the players, the rain paired with Team USA's white jerseys made things all the better for spectators. Arena Pernambuco quickly became a giant wet T-shirt contest, so naturally, we ranked the players on their greatest assets: their feet! Just kidding. Their cleats were probably waterproof See also: 22 Funniest Twitter Reactions to the USA-Germany World Cup Match Talk about a wet hot American summer BONUS: 15 Pitch-Perfect World Cup Celebrity Doppelgangers Read more...More about Soccer, Pics, Lists, World Cup, and 2014 World Cup Brazil

Even the best NBA players throw an air ball from time to time It may feel like just yesterday that we were watching the San Antonio Spurs trounce the Miami Heat in their NBA Finals rematch, but it's already time to look ahead to next season. The 2014 NBA Draft takes place Thursday night. See also: NBA Players Face Their Twitter Haters on 'Jimmy Kimmel' With picks being traded like crazy, LeBron James free agency rumors circulating, and one of the most talented draft classes in recent years, a great deal is still up in the air. One thing is for certain, though: Someone will wear a hideous suit to the NBA draft. Read more...More about Fashion, Entertainment, Lists, Style, and Nba

An advertisement on Brazil's Copacabana Beach is getting more attention than its creators ever intended. The ad, featuring serial football biter Luis Suarez with the words "all or nothing" in Portuguese, has become a popular spot for World Cup fans' selfies. They're looking for photographic evidence that they, too, have been bitten by the soccer star. See also: The 10 Types of World Cup Fans Everyone Knows Suarez, a star player on Uruguay's football team, was given a nine-game suspension and banished for four months on Thursday for biting Italian defender Giorgio Chiellini in the first round of Brazil's World Cup. Read more...More about Advertisements, World Cup, Fifa, Entertainment, and World

It's a loss for the United States — time to celebrate, America! Even though the U.S. Men's National Team lost to Germany 1-0 Thursday in an intense (and rainy) World Cup match, the Americans will advance to the next round, because of math and Portugal's Cristiano Ronaldo. See also: 24 World Cup #TBT Photos That Deserve a Red Card Ronaldo scored in Portugal's game against Ghana, making the goal differential such that ... actually, don't try to understand it. Just accept it. It's kind of like time travel — complicated to grasp, but bitchin' regardless. Moments after the match ended, Twitter exploded with fans rejoicing in America's losing victory while simultaneously being very confused. U-S-A! U-S-A! Read more...More about Soccer, Germany, Team Usa, World Cup, and Cristiano Ronaldo

They watched from office desks, early-morning sports bars, from military bases and living rooms. American soccer fans — the hardcore and bandwagon-riding alike, all worthy in equal measure — gathering far and wide for the USMNT's most anticipated matchup in recent memory. The USA faced fearsome Germany in both teams' final Group G matchup, with a win or a draw guaranteeing the Americans a spot in the World Cup knockout round Ninety minutes after kickoff in rain-soaked Recife, Brazil, those American dreams of advancing came true despite a loss to the Germans. Final score: 1-0, Germany. But a Portugal win over Ghana in Group G's other finale tied the U.S. and Portugal in the group table at four points apiece, gave the USMNT a tie-breaker on goal differential (by three) and put the Americans through Read more...More about Soccer, World Cup, Entertainment, Sports, and Usmnt

UPDATE 1:30 p.m. ET: ESPN confirmed on Twitter that there were some issues with its streaming service on Thursday amid record demand from users during the U.S. World Cup match. CORRECTION: 1.7 million concurrent viewers is across ALL of WatchESPN, not just #USAvsGermany match #WorldCup2014 — Kristie Chong Adler (@KristieESPNPR) June 26, 2014 That came after anxious U.S. soccer fans took to Twitter to voice frustration with the stream of the U.S. match against Germany. An ESPN spokesperson said that the streams peaked at 1.7 million viewers across all its properties, and that it is looking into limited problems due to "unprecedented demand." Read more...More about Streaming Video, Espn, Media, Entertainment, and Tv

Don't worry, America — here's your secret weapon Will Ferrell crashed a fan party in Recife, Brazil, where he was introduced as a substitute player for the U.S. team in Thursday's critical World Cup match against Germany See also: 8 Ways Watching the World Cup at Work Can Improve Productivity “If the game gets close, I will bite, I will bite the opponent," the actor promised the cheering crowd While Ferrell may not make it onto the pitch during the match, he claimed that he would be in the stands sporting a red, white and blue bikini top, alongside American hero "Teddy Goalsevelt." With all that support, how can the U.S. team lose? (The players just have to keep their eyes on the match, not Ferrell's bikini bod.) Read more...More about Viral Videos, Soccer, Team Usa, Will Ferrell, and World Cup

The much-anticipated USA vs. Germany World Cup match has so far been a wet one as players trudged through a torrential downpour during the first half. Recife, the match's host city, is located in the northeastern most portion of Brazil, only about 190 miles south of Natal. It has recorded three-quarters of an inch of rain in the past three hours, with the 24-hour rainfall total nudging past four inches. See also: USA vs. Germany: The Ultimate Preview for Today's World Cup Battle The flags of the United States and Germany are seen in the rain before the group G World Cup soccer match between the USA and Germany at the Arena Pernambuco in Recife, Brazil, Thursday, June 26, 2014Image: Hassan Ammar/Associated Press Read more...More about Brazil, World Cup, Entertainment, World, and Sports

Luis Suarez's run in the World Cup is over. FIFA suspended the star Uruguay striker for nine matches and banned him for four months from any soccer-related activity. See also: World Cup Fans Go Rabid for Luis Suarez Bite Memes BREAKING: #URU's Luis Suarez suspended for nine matches and banned for four months from any football-related activity. MORE TO FOLLOW — FIFAWorldCup (@FIFAWorldCup) June 26, 2014 Suarez bit Italian defender Giorgio Chiellini during a heated game in which Uruguay bested Italy to move on to the knockout round of the World Cup. The FIFA Disciplinary Committee found that Suarez had assaulted Chiellini and committed an unsportsmanlike act. The punishment also precludes Suarez from being at the stadium for any of Uruguay's matches during the ban. He has also been fined 100,000 Swiss Francs. Read more...More about World Cup, Fifa, Luis Suarez, Entertainment, and Sports

You should definitely watch the World Cup at the office In cubicles around the world, football fans try to muffle joyous yells and stinging yelps while stealthily watching the World Cup. Many matches fall during work hours, leaving millions scrambling to catch a few seconds of their favorite team. But sneak your iPad to the bathroom no more — watching the World Cup at work can improve productivity. No, really. See also: 15 Pitch-Perfect World Cup Celebrity Doppelgangers We cherry-picked through scientific-ish studies to help you make the case to your bossman. (Turn into a Powerpoint for maximum effectiveness.) Read more...More about Lists, Work, Science, World Cup, and Sports

Bless you, Jurgen Klinsmann and your forward-thinking ways The U.S. Men's National Soccer team coach penned a permission slip excusing all Americans from work on Thursday, so they could instead tune into the World Cup match of the century against Germany. The U.S. Soccer Twitter account tweeted the letter Wednesday night, giving your boss plenty of notice for taking a "personal day." Need note to get out of work Thurs? @J_Klinsmann has you covered. Show your cool boss. It will def work! #LetsDoThis pic.twitter.com/i2oCZmGAGZ — U.S. Soccer (@ussoccer) June 25, 2014 See also: America, Prepare to Be Pumped for Germany-U.S. World Cup Match Read more...More about Team Usa, World Cup, 2014 World Cup Brazil, Watercooler, and Conversations

RIO DE JANEIRO — As the world was judging Uruguay's Luis Suarez for biting a player in the World Cup, his teammates, coaches and fans in his soccer-crazy country defended the star, blaming the foreign media, his Italian opponents and uneven treatment. World Cup organizers scrambled Wednesday to quickly decide on a punishment before Uruguay plays Colombia Saturday in the round of 16. See also: World Cup Fans Go Rabid for Luis Suarez Bite Memes "We have to resolve it either today or tomorrow," FIFA disciplinary panel member Martin Hong told reporters Wednesday. "It's our duty to see justice done." Read more...More about Luis Suarez, Media, Entertainment, 2014 World Cup Brazil, and Sports

World Cup fever is sweeping the globe, which of course means that otherwise sane people are now raging lunatics Whether you're a soccer fan or not, there's no way you could miss the crazed fans taking over your local bars, restaurants and living rooms. See also: 15 Pitch-Perfect World Cup Celebrity Doppelgangers Because we here at Mashable understand the human condition on such a deep level, we've been able to condense the millions of World Cup fans into their ten most common forms. Check out our findings below Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Read more...More about Soccer, Football, Humor, Illustrations, and World

Your feelings of overwhelming anticipation mixed with imminent sadness and a yearning to start all over again are completely normal. That's because Thursday is the last day of the World Cup group round. Soon, the brackets will be complete and all the mathematical fun that goes with them will be in the past. The knockout rounds are all business; show up or go home and thus far, only a few teams have truly proven their mettle in the group stages. Yet, four spots in the round of 16 remain. Let's take a look at what you should expect on the last — and arguably most dramatic — day of the group stages. Read more...More about Soccer, Germany, Usa Soccer, Entertainment, and 2014 World Cup Brazil

Before hat tricks, headers and wacky hairstyles, World Cup players polished their skills in the pee wee leagues. Kick it old school with the best/worst Throwback Thursday photos starring World Cup players. Kyle Beckerman before dreads, a prepubescent Cristiano Ronaldo and Miguel Herrera rocking a bitchin' mullet — it's all covered See also: 15 Pitch-Perfect World Cup Celebrity Doppelgangers #TBT. #nofilter. #swag. Read more... More about List, World Cup, Cristiano Ronaldo, 2014 World Cup Brazil, and Watercooler

If you've never thought of golf as a sport, a quick look at Tiger Woods' myriad injuries in recent years should be enough to tell you that it requires not just an eye for angles, but significant physicality, resulting in a precise swing. So, like other sports, like soccer and basketball, adding technology to the mix in the hopes of improving performance has increasingly become a part of perfecting the game of golf. To that end, Arccos has unveiled a solution that uses sensors to not only track the effectiveness of your swing, but provide guidance in much the same way as a human caddy might See also: 5 Free Android Apps for Tethering Read more...More about Gps, Iphone, Golf, Bluetooth, and Tech

Think of a star soccer player, especially a striker, and what negative stereotype comes to mind? Something about taking a dive in the penalty area, perhaps? It's a temptation inherent to the role of being a forward in soccer — the temptation to fool the officials, the only arbiters of reality on the pitch, and the eyes of the world be damned. There is no video replay in soccer. Even the most eagle-eyed referee is going to have to make a split-second decision based purely on his eyesight, and eyesight can be fooled. Feel a defender's hand on your back, time your fall with just the right forward motion, and you might just get lucky and win a near-automatic free goal, ie. a penalty kick Read more...More about Entertainment, 2014 World Cup Brazil, and Sports

RIO DE JANEIRO — The World Cup is the biggest sporting event on Earth — making it, obviously, the biggest soccer event on Earth. For Adidas — still the world's most iconic futebol brand despite a furious push from Nike in recent years — this makes the World Cup a rather humongous deal Adidas sponsors the tournament, and is pulling out all the stops to extend its brand reach, imprint the three stripes in consumers' minds and generally make Brazil 2014 a smash success. Its efforts start at Adidas Posto, a temporary command center and workspace the company has set up at the headquarters of Clube de Regatas do Flamengo, Brazil's most popular professional team, which is located in this glamorous ocean-side city and sponsored by Adidas Read more...More about Soccer, Adidas, World Cup, Entertainment, and Sports

As if the story of Uruguay's Luis Suarez biting Italian defender Giorgio Chiellini during Tuesday's World Cup match couldn't get any stranger, it seems this isn't just an act for which Suarez has been punished before — it may not even be the first time Suarez attempted to bite the exact same player Photos and videos of this prior incident have emerged from the FIFA Confederations Cup, also held in Brazil, almost exactly a year ago on June 30, 2013. Again, Italy played Uruguay, this time in the third-place match At one point in the match, shown in the above photo, Suarez was chasing the ball in front of the Italian goal, then grabbed Chiellini, and appears to be ready to sink his teeth into the Italian's right shoulder Read more...More about Luis Suarez, Entertainment, 2014 World Cup Brazil, Sports, and 2014 World Cup

Germany's World Cup team does more than just crush Portugal. The fearless footballers of Deutschland have picked other hobbies, which they eagerly share on Instagram. And there's no better way to learn about a person than their filtered selfies See also: 15 Pitch-Perfect World Cup Celebrity Doppelgangers Yachting, eating eggs, petting eagles and cruising around on a Vespa are just a few of the exotic hobbies the players partake in when not on the pitch. Baller lifestyle. Read more... More about List, Pics, Germany, World Cup, and Instagram

Even without Luis Suarez taking a bite out of an Italian player, the World Cup is full of crazy stunts pulled by players. As Conan O'Brien sees it, these lengthy and sometimes choreographed World Cup goal celebrations are getting particularly out of control. See also: Every Time Luis Suarez Overreacted at the World Cup These world-renowned teams aren't just topping each other in strength and skill at the World Cup, they're also finding new and elaborate ways to celebrate their victories. BONUS: Memes Turn Miguel Herrera Into Super Saiyan of World Cup Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Read more...More about Viral Videos, Soccer, Humor, Conan O Brien, and World Cup

UFC fans: have you ever heard of the technique where you turn into a mummy and lie on the floor, then cast a spell to lure in your opponent? It may not be standard regulation, but trust me, it can happen in EA Sports' UFC, released earlier this month. So can pretending to be a turtle and "wrestling a ghost that had been haunting the ring." See also: These 20 Game GIFs Just Ain't Right Sometimes video games glitch out in spectacular ways, and that makes us love them more. So YouTube user Tommy Toe Hold decided to capture some of the UFC glitches he'd encountered. But he took it a step forward when adding announcer commentary from "Joe Rogan" and "Mike Goldberg". Read more...More about Entertainment, Gaming, Ufc, Sports, and Game Glitches

Repeat after me: I believe that we will win Whether you're a fan of soccer/football, sports in general or even just the United States, this video will get you so pumped for Thursday's World Cup match against Germany, even Angela Merkel will be believing in the power of red, white and blue See also: Watch the Moment Americans' Faces Fell When Portugal Tied the Match Ted Harrison sliced together footage of Team USA players and fans from previous matches in a medley titled "One Moment Does Not Define Us." The moment Ted is referring to is that goal scored by Portugal in the final seconds of Sunday's match Read more...More about Viral Videos, Soccer, Team Usa, World Cup, and 2014 World Cup Brazil

Despite an early exit from the World Cup, Japan can be proud of their fans. The title for "Best Fans" is a hotly contested one, especially when every country’s fans come out in droves — spirited, electrifying and adoring that sometimes culminates in a crazy amount of energy evidenced by the Chilean fans. But only the Japanese fans clean up after themselves, literally. See also: World Cup Fans Go Rabid for Luis Suarez Bite Memes Instead of waving flags, some Japanese fans waved blue plastic garbage bags that they later use to help clean up the trash they left in the stadium, according to the Associated Press. Read more...More about Soccer, Japan, Fans, Entertainment, and World



Everything is a little different down in Brazil. Samba and soccer rule the cultural imagination. Politics are rather more sharply drawn, as is the clash between wealth and poverty. The water rotates in the opposite direction when you flush. And topsy-turvey upsets, huge, dramatic reversals of fortune, can strike at any time. Brazil learned that lesson the hard way back in 1950, when it last hosted a World Cup and made it to the final, only to be outdrawn by its tiny neighbor, long-time rival and first World Cup winner, Uruguay. On Saturday, in a moment of sweet revenge for Brazil, Uruguay learned that lesson on Brazilian soil, suffering a shock 3-1 defeat to CONCAF minnows Costa Rica Read more...More about Entertainment, 2014 World Cup Brazil, and Sports

MANAUS, Brazil — Back in 2013, before this summer's World Cup groups and match-ups had been set, England manager Roy Hodgson called Manaus "ideally the place to avoid." That triggered a touchy response from the mayor of this isolated jungle city of more than 1.5 million residents. Hodgson backtracked on his comments, deeming them irrelevant in a press conference at Arena da Amazonia Friday But after England's opening game against Italy Saturday, it seems Hodgson was right all along See also: Humans of the World Cup: Match Day in Manaus Mario Balotelli headed home the game-winning goal. Wayne Rooney remained a World Cup goal-scoring virgin. The masses of Brazilians in the stands aligned themselves firmly behind the Azzurri, and England lost the much-anticipated match by 2-1, setting up a must-win date with Uruguay on Thursday in São Paulo Read more...More about Soccer, World Cup, Entertainment, and Sports

MANAUS, Brazil — Hours before England and Italy kicked off their crucial Group D showdown, the area surrounding Arena da Amazonia in this city in the heart of the jungle was a cauldron bubbling with joy, laughter, smiles and anticipation in myriad languages Despite sticky humidity and a sweltering afternoon sun, soccer fans drank, ate, and took photos of themselves and one another in anticipation of the first 2014 World Cup match in Manaus See also: Rumble in the Jungle: England, Italy Set for Epic Clash in Manaus England and Italy fans made the trek from Europe to support their sides. Local Brazilians, with and without match tickets, celebrated the atmosphere as well. Other fans from countries not even in the World Cup also soaked up the atmosphere and pledged allegiances of their own Read more...More about Brazil, Soccer, World Cup, Entertainment, and World

The 2014 FIFA World Cup kicked off Thursday in Brazil, and while millions of fans are excited for the world's most-popular sporting event, a cloud of controversy continues to surround the host country According to the results of a recent Pew Research survey, 61% of Brazilians believe hosting the World Cup will have a negative impact on the nation because it takes money away from schools, health care and other public services, for example. Public demonstrations protesting these issues have taken place since June 2013. See also: The World Is Watching: Catch Up Before the Cup Additionally, 72% of Brazilians are dissatisfied with "the way things are going" in their country, Pew reported; that figure was 55% in the weeks leading up to the start of the June 2013 protests. Read more...More about Social Good, World Cup, Us World, World, and Sports

(function(d, s, id) {var js,ijs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(d.getElementById(id))return;js=d.createElement(s);js.id=id;js.src="//embed.scribblelive.com/widgets/embed.js";ijs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, ijs);}(document, 'script', 'scrbbl-js'));Welcome to Mashable's liveblog of World Cup 2014's first and most highly-anticipated meeting of former World Cup winners. (Okay, yes, Italy won it four times and England is just on the one — for now). Roy Hodgson's England play Cesare Prandelli's Italy at 6 p.m. ET Saturday, and we'll be right here talking about the match starting at 5:30 p.m. ET. At stake: a vital lead in a World Cup group of death. Read more...More about Italy, World Cup, England, Entertainment, and 2014 World Cup Brazil

MANAUS, Brazil — After arrival in this remote metropolis surrounded by jungle, you quickly sense only the thinnest of margins separates the real Manaus from the idyllic, festive World Cup bubble FIFA and the Brazilian government have improbably concocted, accessible only by boat or airplane Arena da Amazonia is the nearly $300 million dollar stadium that three workers died building; it will go mostly unused after hosting four tournament matches. The side streets immediately adjacent to it are jubilantly decorated. What would be drab and dirty pavement and sidewalks are painted in the Brazilian flag's vibrant blue, green and yellow as plastic streamers flutter overhead. Banners welcome visitors in three languages Read more...More about Soccer, World Cup, Entertainment, and Sports

If you're a World Cup newcomer, or a skeptical holdout looking for reasons to jump into this tournament the rest of the world seems to be embracing, you're in luck. Friday offered a trio of highly entertaining games with goals aplenty, several more outrageous referee calls, and one of history's greatest upsets. It was the World Cup equivalent of a welcome mat The roster began with Mexico versus Cameroon, in the driving rain of Natal — a foreshadowing of what is to come in this tropical climate. This was World Cup as water sport. We were treated to the sight of world-class players charging around in soaked-through kits, often unable to connect to the ball on a pitch that acted as a slip and slide Read more...More about World Cup, Entertainment, 2014 World Cup Brazil, and Sports

UPDATE, June 13, 11:50 a.m. ET: The video has been confirmed to be fake, with commenters pointing out the video's use of stock shark footage. The last thing a diver wants is a close call with a shark and be caught without a GoPro to capture the terrifying moment. Diver Terry Tufferson had a razor-close call with a great white shark after he jumped off the rocks in Sydney Harbour. Thankfully, he captured the moment on his head-mounted camera just as his life flashed before his terrified eyes See also: 11 Coolest Places to Take Your GoPro The shark made two close passes on Tufferson, but didn't seem interested in the human meat he had to offer. Tufferson then frantically swam to shore, all limbs intact plus one out-of-this-world story. Read more...More about Video, Viral Videos, Gopro, Watercooler, and Videos

The first day of the World Cup was but an appetizer: the opening ceremony and just one match, won relatively easily by overwhelming favorite Brazil after the host country gave up a cringeworthy own goal to Croatia, the first score of the tournament. On Friday, we really get cookin'. SEE ALSO: How to Watch the 2014 World Cup The duration of the World Cup will consist of three to four matches per day, and there are some doozies on tap as we get rolling into the weekend, with Mexico, Spain and Australia springing into action. Group A: Brazil's group continues on Friday as Mexico takes on Cameroon beginning at 12 p.m. ET. Mexico, probably Brazil's most dangerous challenger in the group, is ranked No. 19 in the world; Cameroon is No. 50. Read more...More about Brazil, Soccer, World Cup, Fifa, and Entertainment

CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, and SÃO PAULO, Brazil — Electrifying players and crazy drama are all part of the World Cup — but what really makes this thing go is the fans En route from San Francisco to Manaus this week, your humble reporter got to see many smiling faces full of hope, optimism and good cheer heading to Brazil to root on their favorite teams. The Charlotte and São Paulo airports, in particular, served as impromptu United Nations of fans, jerseys and national team apparel See also: Dispatches From the Amazon: How Manaus Rang in the World Cup But among the diversity everyone shared one thing: A love of soccer and excitement about the month ahead. So, before hopes are dashed and dreams deferred, here are 11 shots of soccer pilgrims making the trek to Brazil. Who knows? Some of them may even head home with a World Cup title to boast about Read more...More about Soccer, World Cup, Entertainment, and Sports

As the 2014 World Cup kicks off in Brazil, fans are traveling to 12 stadiums over the next month to cheer on their teams. Each stadium is based in a different city, and each has an interesting story behind it. See also: World Cup Day 1 Recap: Wait, What Just Happened? The World Cup's first match between Brazil and Croatia took place at Arena Corinthians, also known as Arena de Sao Paulo. This stadium was the site of the World Cup's opening match. It also attracted negative attention after three workers were killed during construction when part of the roof collapsed Elsewhere in Sao Paulo, police used tear gas and stun grenades to pacify protesters angered by the exorbitant cost of hosting the World Cup. Read more...More about Us World, World, 2014 World Cup Brazil, Sports, and Stadium

Just in time for Father's Day, the wife of NFL coach Jim Harbaugh, a notorious dad pants wearer, are appealing to your better senses to stop a travesty sweeping the nation: dad pants You know those pants that your dad always wore that were two sizes too big and had giant pleats in them? Those are dad pants. Sarah Harbaugh has campaigned against her husband's pants for some time now, and it seems like she's finally won the long battle against the dreaded dad khakis See also: 4 Fashion Upgrades Every Man Should Try This Spring The campaign, of course, turns out to be an ad for Dockers — but a pretty neat one at that, since it comes with a chance to win a trip to San Francisco and tickets to a game. Read more...More about Style, Business, Ad, Commercial, and Advertising

MANAUS, Brazil — The air horns became overbearing about an hour before kickoff. They bleated from the hands of men zipping across town on scooters. They blared from bus stops where women in short shorts and Brazil jerseys tapped their feet. Small children honked them while scurrying around adult legs The din got louder toward one place: the Praia do Ponta Negra, a beach and park on the banks of the Rio Negro in this humid city in the middle of the Amazon jungle, where massive screens broadcast Brazil vs. Croatia from São Paulo in the opening match of the 2014 World Cup. The masses — decked out in yellow and green jerseys, similarly colored wigs, joker hats and other accessories — streamed toward Ponta Negra by the hundreds as the match's 4 p.m. kickoff approached Read more...More about Soccer, World Cup, Entertainment, and Sports

If you'd just tuned in to the world's most-watched sporting event for the first time Thursday, in time for the opening ceremony and the opening game, hosts Brazil versus plucky underdogs Croatia, you might be forgiven for thinking the World Cup is always this bizarre But even those of us who've been around this block a few times were left a little slack-jawed by the day's events. Here's a recap: WTF Moment 1: The Opening Ceremony Remember the London Olympics opening ceremony in 2012, a strange cacophony of flying nurses, exploding hills and Kenneth Branagh in a stovepipe hat? Well, Brazil didn't have quite that kind of budget — despite this being the most expensive World Cup ever, most of the money was lavished on still-unfinished stadia Read more...More about Brazil, Soccer, World Cup, Entertainment, and 2014 World Cup Brazil

As expected, host country Brazil had the honor of scoring the first goal of the 2014 World Cup. What we didn't expect: it went in the wrong net. Left back defender Marcelo Vieira was the unfortunate owner of the foot that accidentally the cringe-inducing own goal, giving first-game Croatia an early 1-0 lead. (Brazilian star Neymar leveled the score before half time.) See also: 17 Wildest Things at the World Cup Opening Ceremony Thanks to Vine, you can now watch the own goal happen again and again and again It's a facepalm moment if we've ever seen one Needless to say, Brazil's fans were not impressed, and began to flood Twitter with harsh words about their defender. Apparently in their anger many blamed the wrong footballer — they were directing tweets to @Marcello instead of @12MarceloV Read more...More about World Cup, Entertainment, 2014 World Cup Brazil, Pics, and Conversations

The World Cup began Thursday with a decidedly odd opening ceremony. Though Brazil spent a fortune trying to merge culture, nature and acrobatics, it did not score a goal (we are allowed at least one futbol pun) with spectators Instead, the world was reminded that humans in their adult form should never dress like foliage. And that Pitbull is no Shakira See also: 17 Wildest Things at the World Cup Opening Ceremony Fortunately, we can turn to our wittiest of Twitter friends to help us find solace in even the most awkward of collective sporting events. Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Read more...More about Soccer, World Cup, 2014 World Cup Brazil, Watercooler, and Conversations

SAO PAULO, Brazil — Anti-World Cup protesters had barely started to gather at São Paulo's Carrão metro station on Thursday when military and riot police began taking action against the planned demonstration Stun grenades and tear gas were launched with fury as about 100 protesters grouped and taunted the officers See also: Brazil's Issues With the World Cup in One Painting Brazilian protesters taunted police, branding them "cowards", "fascists" and "afraid of democracy." Some wore gas masks and had vinegar-soaked handkerchiefs to mitigate the effects of the tear gas, fully aware of how the military police could — and did — respond Read more...More about Brazil, World Cup, Protests, Us World, and World

Olé, olé, the World Cup has begun Brazil marked the beginning of its futbol festivities on Thursday with a grand opening ceremony that confused most viewers, but did manage to give us a plethora of ideas for our next Halloween costumes See also: 22 Twitter Reactions to the World Cup Opening Ceremony There were dancing trees and running flowers and human soccer balls. Jennifer Lopez and Pitbull sang and kind of shouted into their microphones. If you watched the Spanish live stream it probably made no sense. If you watched the English version airing on NBC it probably made no sense And somewhere, Vladimir Putin and his giant Sochi Bear pal are grinning, thinking that they'd finally given up the spot for weirdest opening ceremonies of all time. Read more...More about Soccer, Lists, World Cup, Gifs, and Animated Gifs

It's finally here. Four years have passed, and you're all ready to watch the opening match of the most competitive tournament in sports history. But is your Twitter feed ready — perfectly curated to deliver you the best news and information about the World Cup? We're here to help ensure that you've got your social media ducks in a row. See also: The Most-Followed FIFA World Cup Players on Twitter In no particular order, we've compiled some of the best Twitter accounts to follow during the tournament. These accounts will help provide expert insight into the teams, players and fans that together compromise the entire World Cup experience. Read more...More about Twitter, Soccer, Follow, World Cup, and Social Media

The World Cup is kicking off during one of the worst droughts on record in Sao Paulo, with the biggest impacts being felt in and around the rapidly growing metropolitan area of 18 million Officials are going to great lengths to prevent widespread water supply and electricity disruptions during the games, but scientists say a more comprehensive program that addresses both water supply and demand issues is needed in case the next rainy season, which begins in October, is lackluster. See also: World Cup 2014: Ready or Not, Let the Games Begin Experts told Mashable that it is unlikely the severe drought will disrupt the World Cup, but if significant rainfall does not return with the start of the next wet season, there could be a severe water supply crisis in some of the areas where matches are being held, including the city of Sao Paulo Read more...More about Brazil, Soccer, Water, World Cup, and Drought

Hackers have reportedly attacked a series of World Cup-related websites, including government sites and official partners of the upcoming games in Brazil, kicking them offline. According to a Reuters report, a hacker affiliated with hacktivist group Anonymous says it's responsible for the cyberattacks. Among those kicked offline earlier this week include World Cup sponsor Hyundai and government state Mato Grosso (where Chile will play Australia on Friday), but Hyundai has yet to confirm it was hit by hackers. See also: The Heartbleed Hit List: The Passwords You Need to Change Right Now The hackers used DDoS (Distributed Denial of Service) attacks, which sends large volumes of traffic to sites, causing them to crash. Read more...More about Hacking, Anonymous, World Cup, Cyber Attack, and Cyberattack

Sure, throwing down an amazing slam dunk may get you on SportsCenter, but creating a really funny tweet? NBA players are rewarded for that as well The league will begin handing out its third annual NBA Social Media Awards on Friday, the first day in a 10-day stretch where top tweets, Vine videos, and social media MVPs from around the league will be selected by fans. See also: 20 Funniest YouTube Videos According to Reddit The NBA extended the awards over a 10-day period for the first time this year, and will hand out one award each day beginning with "Best Vine/Video" on Friday. Fans can begin voting Friday for their favorite posts from NBA players or teams, and winners will be announced online on the same site. Read more...More about Social Media, Nba, Lebron James, Twitter, and Miami Heat

Every sport has its base of diehard fans, but few events seems to make people go quite as crazy as the World Cup. With people watching around the world, times of matches are bound to prove inconvenient for some. So people are sneakily watching at work, or setting their alarms for the middle of the night, or putting everything else in their lives on hold. See also: How to Watch the 2014 World Cup We asked fanatics to share their favorite World Cup moments on Fancred, a social network for sports fans, and on Twitter. Take a look through our favorite stories in the RebelMouse below, and let us know how far you've gone to watch World Cup matches using the hashtag #WorldCupMemories Read more...More about Entertainment, Ugc, World Cup, Us, and World

Sure, you can bend it like Beckham, but try scoring a goal in zero gravity. Astronauts Steve Swanson and Reid Wiseman and Alexander Gerst celebrated the start of the World Cup on Thursday in Brazil by kicking around a soccer ball aboard the International Space Station. But they might be rooting for different teams: Swanson and Wiseman are from the U.S., and Gerst is from Germany. See also: World Cup Stars: 20 Electrifying Players You Need to Know If the ISS enters the World Cup, it might need to consider a name change to Universe Cup. BONUS: The Complete Guide to World Cup Team Nicknames Read more... More about Viral Videos, Soccer, Space, 2014 World Cup Brazil, and Watercooler

Seven years and $11 billion later, the World Cup is poised to begin in Brazil on Thursday. Schools will close for the day and offices are wrapping up the workday early. Hundreds of millions of TV sets around the world are tuning into the same event. At 4 p.m. ET today, the 2014 FIFA World Cup is slated to begin with an exciting match between the host city of Brazil and Croatia. Die-hard fans have started to arrive in Sao Paolo to settle in for the monthlong tournament. See also: How to Watch the 2014 World Cup Visitors are carrying national flags around the city, partying in the streets and singing together as amused locals look on. Green and yellow, the colors of Brazil’s flag, adorn the streets — alongside anti-FIFA graffiti that encapsulates the feelings of the country's underclass. Read more...More about World Cup, Entertainment, World, Sports, and World Cup 2014

Today, the soccer craze starts — it's the first day of the World Cup, with the opening match being Brazil vs. Croatia at 4 p.m. ET Now, Google marks the occasion with an animated doodle, portraying the company logo in Brazil, with the letters joyously jumping in front of a soccer ball See also: How to Watch the 2014 World Cup Google has recently launched a comprehensive World Cup website, with instant updates, trending topics, match lineups and other info The company also added Google Street View coverage for all 12 stadiums where the World Cup games will take place Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Read more...More about Google, World Cup, Entertainment, and Sports