Travel ain't cheap, but your accommodations can (and should) be Frugal travelers need no more than a sturdy roof, a warm bed and a place to charge their smartphones. Luckily, these inexpensive European hostels offer all that and more See also: 13 Ridiculous Travel Accessories No One Will Ever Need Hostelworld.com shared Europe's top-rated hostels priced at under $20 per night. So you can make new friends and tour new destinations while saving money in the process. Ciao! Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Read more...More about Travel, List, Lists, Ugc, and Pics

ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. — A space-tourism company announced it has successfully completed the first small-scale test flight of a high-altitude balloon and capsule being developed to let tourists to float 20 miles above Earth. Tuscon-based World View Enterprises said Tuesday that it launched the flight last week from Roswell, New Mexico. See also: Will Commercial Space Travel Blast Off in 2014? Company CEO Jane Poynter said the system broke the world record for highest parafoil flight, lifting a payload to 120,000 feet. "It went really, really, really well," Poynter said. "Actually, the guys hit the ball out of the park. We're thrilled." Read more...More about Travel, Us, Space Tourism, Lifestyle, and Travel Leisure

A federal judge has ruled that individuals placed on the U.S. government's no-fly list, barring them from traveling in or through U.S. airspace, have been denied their constitutional right to due process. The decision was four years in the making. The ACLU has been arguing on behalf of 13 plaintiffs challenging their inclusion on the list. See also: Know Before You Go: All the Airline Fees by Carrier U.S. District Judge Anna Brown said the government must come up with a new way that the plaintiffs can contest being on the list. In a 65-page ruling, she said that current procedure for challenging inclusion was "wholly ineffective." Read more...More about Travel, Government, Airlines, National Security, and Us World

For many, the words "New York City tour" bring to mind panic-inducing red buses packed with tourists in Times Square. It's not exactly a positive thought. Those CitySights NY buses have their advantages; one resourceful tourist said she used an all-day pass instead of paying for the subway or any taxis. But it's not an attraction any local is likely to consider. There's no better way to scream "tourist" than sitting atop the deck of a bus in front of a Mamma Mia! billboard. See also: Take an Incredible Bird's-Eye Tour of Manhattan But as a New Yorker, I recognize that there are many things about the city I don't know. There are lots of other options for guided tours in the city, which are tailored to any possible topic you can Google. With the help of the New York Travel Festival and the NYC Tours and Attractions Group, I've been joining niche tours for the past month. And it turns out that all tours aren't completely miserable. Read more...More about Travel, Shopping, New York City, Pizza, and Brooklyn

Potterheads have been teased mercilessly for months about the magical additions to the Wizarding World of Harry Potter in Florida, but the wait is finally over. Our Hogwarts letter has arrived. Actors from the Harry Potter franchise apparated to Orlando last week to help unveil the new attractions at the Wizarding World of Harry Potter. See also: 'Harry Potter' Actors: Then and Now The additions, which will open to the public July 8, include a functional Hogwarts Express, Diagon Alley (complete with a three-story Weasley's Wizarding Wheezes joke shop), a Leaky Cauldron restaurant and Gringotts Wizarding Bank with an accompanying ride and animatronic goblin bank tellers. Read more...More about Travel, Films, Harry Potter, Entertainment, and Film

This may be the best reason yet to avoid calling to book an airline ticket. Edward Gamson, a dentist from Bethesda, Maryland, thought he had booked a first-class ticket to Granada, Spain, on British Airways. But when Gamson asked a crew member why the plane was heading west from a short layover in London — when Spain was to the south — he got a surprise. See also: Glass Cracks Below Tourists in Chicago Skydeck Gamson was on a plane headed to the Caribbean island of Grenada — about 4,000 miles from his intended destination. It's a mistake unlikely to happen on any online-booking service, but Gamson had called to make the reservation. "Grenada" and "Granada" is easy to mix up, although he claimed to have told the British Airways booking agent he was going to Spain. Read more...More about Travel, Grenada, British Airways, World, and Lifestyle

You may have heard of the slow food movement. Now British Airways is introducing slow entertainment on its long flights — including a seven-hour film of a train ride through Norway "Slow TV," as the airline is calling it, will provide long-haul passengers with something soporific to watch. The airline was inspired by the runaway success of the train film in Norway, where about a million people have viewed it. See also: Clever British Airways Billboard Tracks Airplanes as They Fly Overhead The airline thinks the train video holds similar appeal as the plane map that passengers can watch on the screen in front of them. Read more...More about Travel, Airlines, British Airways, Lifestyle, and Travel Leisure

This year marks the fifth-annual celebration of Social Media Day. In just a short time, it has grown to become a truly global effort, with hundreds of events taking place all over the world. On June 30, people will come together, either at in-person events, or by using the #SMDay hashtag to connect with others on social media See also: The Power of Expanding Your Network by One If you live in the United States, there are multiple Social Media Day events that you should consider attending. But if you're located outside of the U.S., there are still plenty of opportunities to celebrate Social Media Day with others. Read more...More about Travel, Social Media, Social Media Day, Smday, and Travel Leisure

Nothing is more delightful than a public park. Fresh air, flowers and greenery are plentiful in these spaces, the perfect place to turn to when the smog of city life gets you down. Cities across the world have put time, money and effort into beautifying their local parks, turning these expansive spaces into community hubs filled with art, music, theater and food See also: 16 Gorgeous Beaches at U.S. National Parks to Visit This Summer For travelers looking to mark off the world's most beautiful public spaces, Trip Advisor shared the top-rated parks in cities throughout the world Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Read more...More about Travel, List, Pics, Ugc, and Lifestyle

Camping is the perfect time to flex your DIY muscle. Nature can be brutal. It's wild and untamed, and really difficult to have a good time in it. So when someone drags you on a camping trip, make it a heavenly experience with these 18 helpful tricks. See also: 11 Glamping Essentials for the Unadventurous From relieving yourself to cooking a delicious dish on the roaring campfire, these hacks will make your time in the woods both efficient and tolerable. Read more... More about Travel, List, Pics, Diy, and Hacks

As kids we tore breathtaking photos from travel magazines and glued them into scrapbooks or threw them on our walls. Today we share those photos on Pinterest, no glue sticks required. Though the medium has changed, the sentiment is the same— we've got serious wanderlust. Pinterest shared with Mashable the top most-pinned places on Earth. And while some are instantly recognizable (hello, Big Ben!), others, like Canada's Abraham Lake, are lesser known See also: The Top 10 Greatest Landmarks in the World See which destinations broke the top 30 based on more than 750 million place pins Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Read more...More about Travel, Pics, Lists, Ugc, and Pinterest

Every flight is a joyride when you have this flight attendant. A flight to Chicago was considerably spiced up when a flight attendant decided to have a little fun with his safety speech, continuing a stream of Southwest Airlines attendants just generally being awesome See also: 5 Travel Apps to Help You Get the Most Out of Summer Vacation The usual safety speech was not only infused with jokes, but also included playful fashion-related insults. The downside: We still have no idea what to do in the event of a water landing. BONUS: 13 Ridiculous Travel Accessories No One Will Ever Need Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Read more...More about Video, Travel, Viral Video, Funny, and Watercooler

After much anticipation from thrill seekers and coaster enthusiasts, Six Flags Great America in Gurnee, Illinois has finally unveiled its newest roller coaster: Goliath. The wooden coaster officially opened its terrifying tracks to the public Thursday morning, breaking three world records in the process. Goliath is now the tallest, fastest and steepest wooden roller coaster in the world. See also: Inside the World's Most Dangerous Amusement Park Daring riders will reach speeds of 72 mph, after plunging from a height of 180 feet down a nearly vertical 85 degree drop. The coaster also features three over-banked turns, a 180-degree zero-G roll twist, two wild inversions and a spiraling inverted zero-G stall. Read more...More about Travel, Vacation, Watercooler, Videos, and Amusement Park

The world is full of mysterious monuments, each brimming with hundreds (maybe even thousands) of years of history. Ancient stone walls, mosaic-tiled floors and ornately painted ceilings adorn some of the most fascinating places around the globe. Though each offers a unique experience, it's impossible to visit them all. So, which wanderlust-worthy landmarks should adventurous travelers add to their bucket lists? See also: 15 Gorgeous Vacation Spots Proving Heaven Is a Place on Earth Trip Advisor shared the world's top-rated landmarks based on millions of traveler reviews. Mark these awe-inspiring destinations on your travel maps for future reference. Read more...More about Travel, List, Pics, Lists, and Ugc

How will the future look back at the summer of 2014? What activities will seem strange? What locations will seem archaic and fascinating? Besides New Jersey, we mean. See also: Nature's Rainbow Proves Earth Needs No Filters Thanks to the Digital Public Library of America and the Boston Public Library, we can catch a rare glimpse at what the summers of mid-century America looked like. They've uploaded an Imgur album of old-school postcards from the 1930s and '40s. The cards offer a peek at the golden beaches, conservative swimwear and classic cars of the past. Take a look a some of the images, below, and bask in quieter, less-crowded times. Read more...More about Travel, Pictures, Summer, Us, and Watercooler

Traveling by bus is often cheap, but it can be a pain to organize trips across long distances. Wanderu, the booking service that provides travelers with bus and train itineraries across companies, is expanding its coverage to hundreds of destinations in the midwestern United States. "The midwest is the last piece of the puzzle," Wanderu CEO and founder Polina Raygorodskaya told Mashable. See also: 26 Weird Museums to Visit for the Ultimate American Road Trip Although buses lack glamour, bus travel is often the best option for U.S. travelers on a budget. According to a recent study by DePaul University (for which Wanderu contributed data), 73% of bus travelers are between 18 and 35 years old. Read more...More about Travel, Transportation, Us, Lifestyle, and Travel Leisure

Your #NoFilter is no match for this relaxed traveler. Instagram user BathrobeCrusader has been touring Europe since May 23, cloaked in a glorious blue bathrobe. See also: The 10 Types of Instagram Users We spoke with the mysterious robe-trotter via email, where he responded to all of our questions in the third person. He is committed, he is cultured and he has no plans of stopping anytime soon. "The Bathrobe Crusader bathrobe-crusades whenever he sees fit," he said. "He will often wear the bathrobe from dusk until dawn, but at times, he will take the bathrobe off to avoid the limelight." The crusader is currently exploring the French Riviera, after jaunts in London, Geneva, Versailles and Amsterdam. Read more...More about Travel, Pictures, Humor, Instagram, and World

You can barely blink without breaking a sweat, and you can't even imagine wearing pants — the first heat wave of the year has officially arrived Some beat the heat by blasting the AC, only moving when Netflix has the gall to ask if you're still watching. Others head to the nearest body of water. But, for an adrenaline-filled afternoon, thrill-seekers across the country head to America's best water parks to cool off without being bored to tears. See also: Inside the World's Most Dangerous Amusement Park According to Yahoo, these water parks are the most searched in the U.S., giving millions of Americans a cooler way to keep their heart rate up. Read more...More about Travel, Lists, Vacation, Watercooler, and Travel Leisure

No Wi-Fi? That's no problem for Google Maps. Using the app's offline option, you can save specific locations on your phone to access even when you don't have an Internet connection. That way, when you're on the subway or in an area with terrible cell service, you can still pull up those saved maps and go on your merry way See also: How to Get the Most Out of the New Google Maps However, this requires some preparation on your part. We used an iPhone 5 and Samsung Galaxy S5 for a location-saving tutorial, but you can use any iPhone, iPad or Android device with Google Maps 3.0. Here's a step-by-step guide to saving places on Google Maps. You can thank us later Read more...More about Google, Travel, Google Maps, Apps, and Android

National parks are popular destinations in the summer, but they usually get attention for the beauty of their landscapes. Now that it's getting hot, however, we're highlighting parks that also have amazing beaches and bodies of water. See also: 13 Ridiculous Travel Accessories No One Will Ever Need The parks and recreation areas of the U.S. National Park Service have gorgeous beaches all the way from the Alaskan wilderness to the Caribbean Sea. Whether you prefer laying on pristine white sand, or kayaking around rocky landscapes while looking for wildlife, there is a beach on this list for you. Read more...More about Travel, Summer, National Parks, Us, and Lifestyle

Memorial Day has come and gone, and the official start of summer is just around the corner. With the changing of seasons comes thoughts of time away from school and work — and, for many, vacation See also: The Top 10 U.S. Summer Travel Destinations for 2014 But where do you go? While some dream of beaches and bikinis, others desire historic landmarks in their travels, or good food and drinks — or all of the above. To narrow down the ultimate vacation this summer, Mashable hosted a series of community polls to get your top choices on everything from the top international vacation to the top U.S. beach destination. Read more...More about Travel, Vacation, Summer, Lifestyle, and Travel Leisure



Memorial Day has come and gone, and the official start of summer is just around the corner. With the changing of seasons comes thoughts of time away from school and work — and, for many, vacation See also: The Top 10 U.S. Summer Travel Destinations for 2014 But where do you go? While some dream of beaches and bikinis, others desire historic landmarks in their travels, or good food and drinks — or all of the above. To narrow down the ultimate vacation this summer, Mashable hosted a series of community polls to get your top choices on everything from the top international vacation to the top U.S. beach destination. Read more...More about Travel, Vacation, Summer, Lifestyle, and Travel Leisure

The fifth annual Social Media Day returns on June 30, 2014. Hundreds of events taking place worldwide that day will bring together thousands of people to celebrate the growth of social media and digital innovation. If this is your first experience with the global event, you can participate in a variety of ways — from connecting with other users via social media by using the hashtag #SMDay, to meeting with people in real life. See also: The Power of Expanding Your Network by One If you're interested in connecting offline, browse through these events being organized at a location near you. If you're in the United States, here are five events taking place around the country that you can attend: Read more...More about Travel, Social Media, Social Media Day, Smday, and Travel Leisure

Most of us have become accustomed to the amazing imagery of the world available on Google's Street View, but a new site promises the same kind of virtual tourism from the aerial perspective of drones Launched back in April by Switzerland-based Jan Hiersemenzel, TravelByDrone is a site that harnesses the power of YouTube and Google Maps to allow you to explore the planet via recorded drone footage See also: Fly Virtually Using This Drone and Oculus Rift Combination An interactive Google Map of the world features pins displaying logos that indicate that drone footage is available. By clicking on one of the pins, you're immediately shown YouTube footage of the geographic area shot by a flying drone. You can search for specific cities and even select footage based on timeliness, as the site's orange pins indicate drone footage shot in recent months Read more...More about Youtube, Travel, Google Maps, Street View, and Software

The price of an airplane ticket is only the beginning of what it costs to fly in 2014. Baggage, booking and seat-selection fees were some of the most aggravating expenses for global travelers this year, according to Expedia. And that's understandable — fees can quickly add up to $100 or more, per person, after paying for checked luggage and more legroom. See also: 13 Ridiculous Travel Accessories No One Will Ever Need The number of fees is also increasing, as carriers add extra charges for things that used to be included, such as carry-ons. The following chart, which features up-to-date information from online travel resource Smarter Travel, breaks down costs for the different services travelers need: Read more...More about Travel, Airlines, Us, Lifestyle, and Travel Leisure

United Airlines has announced that it will reward miles based on dollars spent, moving away from the traditional system based of rewarding frequent fliers based on how many miles they fly. The carrier is following in the steps of U.S. airlines including Delta, JetBlue and Southwest. American Airlines is now the only major U.S. carrier to offer "award miles" based on actual miles. See also: Teen Arrested After Tweeting Terror Threat to American Airlines "If they were authors, United would be hit with plagiarism," said Brian Kelly, better known as The Points Guy. American Airlines introduced the first major frequent flier program in 1981. More than thirty years later, an estimated 90 million people participate in frequent flier programs in the United States. Together, they have about 2 trillion unused miles, according to the AP. Read more...More about Travel, Airlines, Reward Programs, United, and Lifestyle

Online travel booking site Expedia announced it will accept Bitcoin for hotel reservations beginning Wednesday. "Embracing new technologies is at the heart of our company's DNA and we have many passionate engineers who work here that are very excited about the potential of bitcoin as both a technology and as a currency, and were eager about the opportunity to work on implementing this relatively new crypto-currency as a type of payment on our site," Michael Gulmann, Expedia's vice president of global product, told Mashable. See also: IRS: Bitcoin Is Property, Not Currency The company is partnering with Coinbase to integrate Bitcoin payments as an alternative to the other accepted payment methods on the site, including Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover JCB, Diners Club and PayPal. Read more...More about Travel, Expedia, Business, Bitcoin, and Travel Leisure

Eileen Hickey-Hulme, a 67-year-old New York resident, is being sued for subletting her Tribeca apartment on Airbnb. Her landlord, the Robert Moskowitz Children’s Family Trust, alleges that Hickey-Hulme began renting out the two-bedroom apartment at 460 Greenwich St. in September 2012, until she was confronted in April 2013. Since then, she has been avoiding eviction notices, according to the landlord. See also: 9 Things to Know Before You Rent From Airbnb New York state law prohibits subletting entire apartments for less than 29 days. “She ran a hotel,” Carl Peluso, the landlord’s attorney, told the New York Daily News. Read more...More about Travel, New York City, Airbnb, Business, and Startups

The biggest event in the world for soccer fans is only days away About 600,000 international travelers will head to the 12 host cities across Brazil for the World Cup from June 12 to July 13, 2014. That's in addition to more than 3 million Brazilians who will be attending the games. See also: 32 Outstanding World Cup Names (and How to Pronounce Them) If you are one of the lucky travelers headed to Brazil, here are a few suggestions for making sure your trip is great. 1. Have your documents in order U.S. citizens are required to have a visa to enter Brazil. World Cup attendees receive a free visa, but anyone else must pay $160. Read more...More about Travel, Brazil, Cdc, Us, and Sports

A five-foot piece of railing on the Pont des Arts bridge in Paris collapsed Sunday night under the weight of "love locks," padlocks attached to the bridge by couples as a display of their everlasting love. Hopefully the couples who attached these locks have relationships stronger than bridge railings. Although the bridge remains intact, the railing on the section was brought down by what appear to be thousands of padlocks. Luckily, the railing and locks fell onto the bridge and not into the river below. No injuries were reported. See also: New York City Tells Couples to Take Their 'Love Locks' Somewhere Else Read more...More about Travel, Paris, World, Lifestyle, and Travel Leisure

Once kids enter the picture, the art of planning a summer vacation changes considerably. After all, you're not going to bring your kids to knock back tequila shots in Cabo like you did in college. (Seriously, don't do that). Finding an ideal destination for the entire family can seem impossible — one child wants the thrill of an amusement park, another wants to play at the beach, and you just want to get an hour of relaxation in somewhere. See also: What Is the Best U.S. Destination for Summer Vacation? That's why we compiled this list of the best family-friendly vacation spots in the U.S. using data from Priceline's most-searched summer destinations and TripAdvisor's top user-reviewed destinations. Read more...More about Travel, Vacation, Family, Summer, and U.S.

When Patrick Dowd traveled to India on a Fulbright scholarship in 2010 to help lead the Jagriti Yatra — a train trip across India that encourages enterprise in small towns — he was inspired by the people he saw bringing ideas to life. So inspired, in fact, that after less than a year on Wall Street he quit his job to create a similar project in the United States. Last summer, he and his team launched the Millennial Trains Project, a train ride taking participants from coast to coast and encouraging enterprise by supporting millennials' ideas. See also: 5 Pieces of Career Advice for Women Tech Entrepreneurs Read more...More about Travel, Startups, Amtrak, Business, and Small Business

Vacations and gadgets go together like an iPhone on the beach While tech has delivered an endless supply of nicknacks, gadgets and doohickeys aimed at making our lives a little bit better, your ancestors managed just fine without an inflatable footrestTraveling can have its fair share of hang-ups on its own, so it's no surprise that the gadgets in Skymall are unnecessary, to say the least. See also: 5 Travel Apps to Help You Get the Most Out of Summer Vacation These ridiculous gadgets will only hold you up in line at the airport. Is a portable bidet really necessary? Read more... More about Travel, Lists, Technology, Vacation, and Watercooler

Although Japan is renowned for having some of the best customer service on the planet, for various reasons, including language and cultural hurdles, it isn't known as the most tourist-friendly destination Some of those hurdles also extend into the tech arena, namely, Wi-Fi. Although sidling up to a café in Europe or North America and grabbing a bit of free Wi-Fi for your mobile device is common, finding such wireless access in tech-centric Japan's major cities remains notoriously difficult. But that's about to change See also: Google Street View Says Japan Is Top Virtual Tourism Spot in Asia A new program launched by NTT (Japan's largest telecom), is designed to serve foreign tourists on the hunt for Wi-Fi. For those who haven't traveled to Japan, the program might seem behind the times, but for anyone familiar with attempting to find Wi-Fi in Japan, this is huge news. (YouTube is littered with video commentary from frustrated travelers marveling at the lack of Wi-Fi access in such a technologically advanced country as Japan.) Read more...More about Travel, Japan, Wi Fi, Tokyo, and Japanese

A dream is a wish your heart makes when you're fast asleep — in your luxury vacation rental, that is. The only question is where you'll choose to lay your head. Quit wishing you were a part of Disney's world and make it a reality on your next getawayHomeAway.com shared some villas, towers and even castles where you can fulfill your dreams of living like a Disney princess See also: 15 Themed Planes for Die-Hard Fans Live happily ever after, or at least for the weekend, in these rentals inspired by Mulan, Cinderella, Tiana and more. Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Read more...More about Travel, Pics, Lists, Ugc, and Vacation

If you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go? It's a question that's often asked rhetorically, but that changes when you're planning summer vacation abroad. Do you prefer urban giants like New York City and London or beach towns like Buenos Aires and Sydney? See also: What Is the Best U.S. Destination for Summer Vacation? While there are limitless possibilities for fun summer vacations, we've compiled a list of the top spots around the world based on the most searched destinations on travel site Priceline. Vote in our poll, below, to crown the ultimate U.S. vacation spot for summer 2014, and tell us in the comments if you're planning a trip this summer. Read more...More about Travel, Polls, World, Summer, and Lifestyle

Image: Flickr exothermic, Balaji.BSchool's out for the summer, and while it's important to savor the well-deserved break and warm weather, it's essential to keep your mind sharp and avoid downshifting into laziness. Taking advantage of your free time over the next three months will not only help you get a step ahead, but also make your transition into the fall semester a smooth one. See also: These 11 Apps Will Supercharge Your Personal Life Here are nine ways to combat brain drain and make the most of your summer. Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. BONUS: 7 Ingenious Resume Designs That Will Make You Rethink Your CV Read more...More about Youtube, Travel, Linkedin, Tumblr, and Features

Close your eyes and think about summer vacation. A beach comes to mind, right? It's common to dream about sandy beaches, crystal-clear blue water and a complete escape from daily life See also: The Top 10 U.S. Summer Travel Destinations for 2014 Using data from Priceline's most-searched summer destinations and TripAdvisor's top user-reviewed destinations, we've compiled a list of beach destinations in the United States, from the beaches of Kailua, Hawaii, to Ogunquit, Maine. Vote in our poll, below, to crown the ultimate U.S. beach spot for summer 2014 — then let us know in the comments where you'll be traveling this summer. Read more...More about Travel, Vacation, Summer, Travel Leisure, and Us

Heathrow Airport's new Terminal 2 welcomed its first passengers on Wednesday, with the arrival of 17 United Airlines flights and about 6,000 passengers. T2, also called the Queen's Terminal, is opening slowly after the London airport witnessed a nightmare in 2008 with the opening of Terminal 5. "It's a very sensible thing to do to start with a phased rollout," said Heathrow chief executive-in-waiting John Holland-Kaye. "They're big airlines. These are the lessons we took from T5." The airport's announcement of the opening said they are expecting "some teething problems in the first few days." Read more... More about Travel, Us World, World, Travel Leisure, and Heathrow Airport

Forget water parks, roller coasters and tourist-trap cities, the number one attraction on Earth is its landscapes. Why travel thousands of miles, spending thousands of dollars and your precious time away from the real world to wait in a line? The real allure is found in nature — no man-made object or structure is as captivating as the picturesque scenes of this planet. See also: 18 Photos That Will Make You Wonder How Earth Is Even Real Before you book your plane ticket to a vacation filled with overpriced food and chlorine-doused pools, check out what Earth has to offer au naturale. Now go ahead and blast this song while you scroll through wanderlust. Read more...More about Travel, Lists, Earth, Vacation, and Lifestyle

There are as many travel apps out there as there are tourists hitting the beach this summer, but each one provides ideas and recommendations for where to go, what to eat, and what to do in different ways. The standard practice of collecting customer reviews, like on TripAdvisor and Yelp, is well known, but a new wave of apps are attempting to better curate the best travel destinations and personalize the recommendations for each traveler's taste. See also: 10 Best Apps for Navigating a New City These five apps aim to help every traveler who has felt overwhelmed sorting through thousands of reviews. Try them out on your next adventure: Read more...More about Travel, Apps, Summer, Apps Software, and Lifestyle

A major airline association is calling on governments and the industry to adopt better measures for dealing with unruly passengers. Crews reported more than 8,000 incidences of bad passenger behavior last year, according to the International Air Transport Association, which represents about 240 airlines. The association passed a resolution that called on governments and the industry to work together on new guidelines to solve the problem. See also: Glass Cracks Below Tourists in Chicago Skydeck Considering the number of flights flown internationally each year, 8,000 incidents may not sound too dramatic. But consider this: In 2007, IATA received only 500 reports of bad behavior. Reported incidents include non-compliance with crew, consumption of illegal substances, sexual harassment, and physical and verbal confrontations. Read more...More about Travel, Airlines, Airplanes, Lifestyle, and Travel Leisure

Image: MashableSoaking up the sun is fun, but dealing with lobster-red sunburns isn't. Before you break out the swimwear and hit the beach this summer, you may find yourself with sunburn- and sunscreen-related concerns. See also: 20 Searches Made Ridiculous by Google Autocomplete Don't worry — you're not aloneYahoo has released the top questions its users have been searching for when it comes to sunburn. Now, discover the answers to these burning curiosities: Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Read more...More about Yahoo, Travel, Search Engine, Features, and Vacation

Movie lovers will get a chance to experience a cult classic firsthand in London this summer. A local theater and events company will create an immersive movie screening of Back to the Future in July and August. Future Cinema stages "live cinema experiences," building entire sets in order to bring two-dimensional films to life. The company's previous productions include Ghostbusters, Who Framed Roger Rabbit? and The Grand Budapest Hotel and more than 40 others. See also: Today Is Not the Future; 'Back to the Future' Hoax Fools the Web Future Cinema's Secret Cinema project adds an element of mystery to the immersive experience. The next event will involve recreating Hill Valley, California — the setting of the 1985 film — at a secret location in London. Performances will run from July 24 to Aug. 10, 2014. Read more...More about Travel, Film, Entertainment, and Travel Leisure

A tropical vacation isn't for everyone. Summer is primetime for vacationing, which can lead to crowded beach, price influxes and worst of all —tourists See also: 11 Beer Vacations You're Going to Want to Remember If the last thing you want from a vacation is sand in your car, an awkward tan line or the smell of rotting ocean wildlife filling your nose every time you step outside, leave your bikini at home and head to one of these vacation spots instead. Read more... More about Travel, Lists, Weather, Vacation, and Lifestyle

It's that time of year many of us look forward to annually: the summer vacation. But what is considered a dream vacation varies depending on who you ask. If you're traveling in the U.S. this summer, a trip to an urban destination like San Francisco or New York may the ultimate vacation, while others may turn to a beach destination like Honolulu or Key West, Florida. See also: The Top 10 U.S. Summer Travel Destinations for 2014 While the U.S. offers myriad vacation options for all types of travelers, we've compiled a list of the top U.S. summer spots based on travel site Priceline's most-searched summer destinations Read more...More about Travel, United States, Vacation, Summer, and Us

Virgin America is testing a new website that it hopes will greatly improve the booking process for travelers. After looking at how flyers were using its website to search and book flights, the airline sought to completely reinvent the web experience. "We took a fresh look. We wanted to not even think about it as an airline site, but as an ecommerce site," Luanne Calvert, Virgin's chief marketing officer, told Mashable. See also: Coming Soon: Your Personal Flying Car The site's design focuses on simplicity — seeking to create a more intuitive booking experience — as well as speed, on which Calvert said it already delivers. After booking a ticket on Virgin's new website in under four minutes, one user called the customer-support line just to compliment the company, according to Calvert. Read more...More about Travel, Virgin America, Marketing, Media, and Lifestyle